From: 
 To: 
 Subject: FBI / SDNY Epstein update mtg 
 Date: The, 07 Jan 2020 21:44:41 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00031912
district court's decision regarding bail "divests the court of its control over aspects of the case 
 involved in the appeal." United States v. Rodgers, 101 F.3d 247, 251 (2d Cir. 1996). Were it so, a 
 district court would have no authority to remand or modify bail conditions of a defendant 
 released while the government appeals the grant of bait. Such a rule would detract from, rather 
 than promote, judicial economy and would be unworkable in practice. 
 Should the Court believe it does not have jurisdiction to decide the present bail 
 motion, Ms. Maxwell will move the Circuit to withdraw her notice of appeal without 
 prejudice and thereby remove any theoretical bar to this Court's jurisdiction over the 
 present bail motion. Should the Court summarily deny the present motion on the merits, 
 Ms. Maxwell will file a notice of appeal and request consolidation of both appeals. 
 Renunciation of Foreign Citizenship is a Valid and Significant Condition of Release 
 Relying on a letter from the French Ministry of Justice, the government urges the 
 Court to give no weight to Ms. Maxwell's agreement to renounce her foreign citizenship. 
 But the letter is wrong on the law and should be disregarded. The letter asserts that the loss of 
 French nationality subsequent to the criminal act which the person is alleged to have committed 
 does not affect the rule against the extradition of nationals, as nationality must be assessed at the 
 time of commission of the offense and not at the time of the extradition request. As discussed in 
 the opinion from William Julie, French legal counsel (attached as Exhibit A), the 
 government's assertion is entirely incorrect for the following reasons: 
 • The government's argument goes against the letter of the law. 
 • The government's argument goes against the spirit of the law. 
 • The government's argument is contradicted by precedent and case law. 
 (Julie Opinion ¶¶ 6-26). 
 3 
 EFTA00031921
From: ' (USANYS)" 
 To: ' (USANYS)"  
 Subject: FW: Maxwell Call 
 Date: Tue, 01 Dec 2020 21:52:23 +0000 
 Attachments: 2020-12-01 GM letter_regarding_defense_request re MDC warden_vl.ebd.docx _ _ _ _ 
 My comments on the letter attached. 
 From: (USANYS)<> 
 Sent: Tuesday, December 1, 2020 3:50 PM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Maxwell Call 
 Chiefs — Bobbi and Chris have rejected our proposal. A draft letter (including language Bobbi sent us for the letter) and 
 affidavit are attached for your review. This is due today. 
 Thanks, 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:47 PM 
 To: (USANYS)
 (USANYS) < 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Maxwell Call 
 Ok, thanks 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 2:52 PM 
 To: (USANYS) (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Maxwell Call 
 > 
 Thanks again for speaking with us earlier. I spoke with MDC legal, and they're fine with our proposal. They said they could 
 submit a letter to the Court by Friday. We'll let you know how our conversation with defense counsel goes—we haven't 
 scheduled a call with them just yet. 
 Thanks, 
 From: (USANYS) c
 Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 12:41 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 > 
 Subject: Re: Maxwell Call 
 EFTA00032011
From: DeaIbroaker Daily <newsletters@dealbreakercom> 
 To: 'la 
 Subject Welcome To The Nonsense Economy 
 Dab: Mon, 08 Jul 2019 22:02:51 +0000 
 slat awthpelpg 
 Doalbreaker 
 DAILY 
 MONDAY, JULY 8, 2019 
 g)Plp://dealbreaketcomtimagetcjimit%2Ces_srgb%2Ch_1200%2Cq_autotgood%2Cw_12004ATY0NDEviNicAMDclOTIoNjMafscreen-shot-2019-05-29-at-
 43812-pm.png 
 Welcome To The Nonsense Economy 
 KY IUVSIEH TRAUER:JUY8 4,19.5,OPM 
 No. you're feeling is correct, none of this makes sense. 
 Continue reading 
 g)Plp://dealbreaker.comtimageicjimit%2Ccs_srgbYo2Cft_progressivenk2Ch_1200%2Cq_auto:good%2Cw_1200fMTYxMjc3MTlxNzO2ODitil5MDIS/challeng 
 i
 er-deutsche.jpg 
 Deutsche Bank Predictably Manages To Do The Right Thing In Totally The Wrong Way 
 BY JON SiiAZAR 1.1 1 ,1 Pm 
 The whole cutting-things-to-the-bone-and-firing-everyone-before-lunch thing totally would have worked seven years ago. Now? Maybe not so much. 
 Continues iog 
 g>ittp://dealbreaketcomtimage/c_limit%2Ccs_srgb%2Ch_1200%2Cq_auto:good%2Cw_1200/MTY1MzM0ODO3NjYrOTA4MjU3/screen-shot-2019-07-013-
 at-125632-pm.png 
 Deutsche Bank Thanking "18,000 Volunteers" On Actual Sign Hanging In NYC HQ Today 
 BY THORNTON MCENERY ;My B. 2019 100 PIA 
 You would think that someone in HR would be a lithe more sensitive to that number right now, but also this is Deutsche Bank. 
 Conlinuguilacling 
 giittp://dealbreaketcomtimaget_limit%2Ccs_srgb%2Ch_12130%2Cq_auto:good%2Cw_1200/MTY1MzM0MTArMDIzOTUz.NDgxiscreen-shot-2019-07-08-
 at-121130-pcn.png 
 Feds Allege That Ersatz Financier Jeffrey Epstein Is Indeed A Genuine Sex Criminal 
 BY THORNTON MCENERY i AI), tl. 2019 121>PM 
 Why does everyone on the Upper East Side look so nervous? 
 Continue reading 
 Illtitp:/fdealbreaketcomtimagetc_limit%2Ces_srgb%2Ch_1200%2Cp_auto:good%2Cw_1200/MTY1MDMzODk1MDEwNTEvrODalldeutsche-ragnarok.png 
 Deutsche Bank Informing 18,000 People That It's Basically A Community Bank Now, And 
 Also They Are Fired 
 EFTA00032911
Sv THORN-ON 1/CFNERY cy ?al° 1,1i 51 M.,
 The Age of Denial is over and the Deutsche Bank we know is truly dead. 
 Continue rsactiog 
 r]tttp:lldealbreakeccomtimage/c_limit%2Ces_srgb%2Cg_progressive%2Ch_1200%2Cg_auto:good%2Cw_1200fMTYxMjc3MTlxNzO2ODM5MDl5/challeng 
 er-deutstheipg 
 Opening Bell 7.8.19 
 BY THE WATER 
 Deutsche Banks goes all "ifs not you, it's me' to 18k employees ... 
 Continue cling 
 Bre4 0,41, 9 HeKhe•611 eroeclivey 9070. WY. NY 1C004- UNete +me.' crannrn, er yo,utnrntw
 EFTA00032912
From: New York Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To:
 Subject: DOJ Beats Gizmodo FOIA Suit Over Trump Wiretap Docs 
 Date: Thu, 04 Apr 2019 07:54:13 +0000 
 t i_aw360 New York 
 NEW YORK 
 Thursday, April 4, 2019 Follow Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 DOJ Beats Gizmodo FOIA Suit Over Trump Wiretap Docs 
 The U.S. Department of Justice acted within the law when it told Gizmodo 
 Media Group LLC that the agency couldn't confirm or deny the existence of 
 records related to alleged wiretapping of President Donald Trump's 2016 
 campaign, a New York federal judge ruled Wednesday. 
 Read full article » 
 Ex -Long Island Pol Pleads Guilty To Tax Evasion Scheme 
 A former Long Island councilman pled guilty Wednesday to tax fraud in 
 connection with a scheme to divert funds from a law firm he worked for to a 
 company he had sole control over. 
 Read full article » 
 Appraisal 'Inappropriate' In Geico Coverage Suit: 2nd Circuit 
 Geico can't appraise damage to a vehicle at the center of a proposed class 
 action alleging that the insurance company unlawfully undervalues totaled 
 vehicles, the Second Circuit ruled Wednesday, finding appraisal inappropriate 
 to resolve policy interpretation disputes. 
 Read full article » 
 NY Firm Escapes Claims Of Shady Debt Collection Practices 
 A New York law firm did not violate federal debt collection laws or state 
 deceptive practices laws when it sued a man for $50,000 owed to a nursing 
 home, but it's too soon to say whether it ran afoul of a legal ethics statute, a 
 federal judge ruled Wednesday. 
 Read full article » 
 POLICY & REGULATION 
 House Says Private Email Off-Limits In Collins Case 
 The U.S. House of Representatives has urged a New York federal court to 
 adopt a broader interpretation of the Constitution's speech or debate clause 
 than the government has presented in its insider trading case against U.S. 
 Rep. Christopher Collins, implying prosecutors overstepped their bounds in 
 seizing legislative materials. 
 Read full article » 
 SECURITIES & WHITE COLLAR 
 Rakoff Asked To Bar Fair Market Claim In Insider Trading Case 
 `',Law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 1 -800 -Law -Firm 
 Aaronson Rappaport 
 Abrams Fensterman 
 Adam Leitman 
 Allen & Overy 
 Arguedas Gassman 
 BakerHostetler 
 Ballard Spahr 
 Brown Rudnick 
 Bryan Cave 
 Call & Jensen 
 DLA Piper 
 Davis Wright Tremaine 
 Foley Hoag 
 Glancy Prongay 
 Godosky & Gentile 
 Gutride Salter 
 Hausfeld 
 Hooper Lundy 
 Jones Day 
 Jorge Guttlein & Associates 
 Kase & Druker 
 Katten Muchin 
 EFTA00032913
Prosecutors shouldn't be allowed to tell jurors that the stock market is 
 supposed to be a "level playing field," counsel for a former analyst set to 
 stand trial for allegedly tipping off friends to an $11 billion merger told U.S. 
 District Judge Jed S. Rakoff on Tuesday. 
 Read full article » 
 CONSUMER PROTECTION 
 Arizona Hit With Suit Over Ginseng Labels On Green Tea 
 Buyers of Arizona tea filed a proposed class action against the beverage 
 company Tuesday, claiming its "Green Tea with Ginseng and Honey" drinks 
 do not actually contain ginseng. 
 Read full article » 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 Pinduoduo Wants Out Of Investor Suit Over Counterfeit Goods 
 Pinduoduo Inc. said Tuesday that investors suing the e-commerce company 
 for allegedly misrepresenting its ability to quell the third-party sale of 
 counterfeit goods on its platform are simply trying to twist securities laws "into 
 an all-purpose insurance for investors." 
 Read full article » 
 TeeFLii, 2 Chainz's '24 Hours' Copies '90s Song, Suit Says 
 TeeFLii and 2 Chainz's hit 2014 song "24 Hours" copied its music from Robin 
 S.' 1993 song "Back It Up," the owners of the older song have alleged in a 
 copyright infringement suit. 
 Read full article » 
 EMPLOYMENT 
 WTA Gender Pay Spat With Madrid Tournament Reopened 
 The Women's Tennis Association has another chance to stop a lawsuit 
 challenging its policy that male and female winners be paid the same 
 amounts after a Spanish tournament operator reneged on plans to dismiss 
 the suit, a New York federal judge has ruled. 
 Read full article » 
 MLB Says Umpire Can't Discuss Racial Bias Suit With Media 
 Major League Baseball is asking a New York federal court to deny an 
 umpire's motion for clearance to speak with the media about his racial 
 discrimination claims against the league, saying the court can't judge if his 
 statements cross a legal line until he says them. 
 Read full article » 
 COMPETITION 
 Attys Shouldn't Get $300M Slice Of Forex Deal, Objector Says 
 The sole objector to a $300 million fee award for the firms that scored an 
 investor class billions of dollars in settlements from banks in the sweeping 
 forex scandal is asking the Second Circuit to cut that award by $112 million. 
 Read full article )> 
 BANKRUPTCY 
 Sizmek Can Pay Workers As It Fields Ch. 11 Purchase Bids 
 Bankrupt advertising tech firm Sizmek Inc. received court approval 
 Wednesday to continue paying its domestic employees for the next three 
 weeks as it works on selling substantially all its assets, which the company's 
 lawyers say have fielded interest from more than two dozens parties. 
 King & Spalding 
 Klee Tuchin 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Lazer Aptheker 
 Meister Seelig & Fein 
 Meriwether & Tharp 
 Miller Law Offices 
 Orrick Herrington 
 Parness Law Firm 
 Podhurst Orseck 
 Proskauer Rose 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Rivkin Radler 
 Robbins Arroyo 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Rosen Law Firm PA 
 Sanford Heisler Sharp 
 Scott + Scott 
 Seyfarth Shaw 
 Skadden 
 Smith Villazor 
 Squire Patton Boggs 
 Stroock & Stroock 
 White & Case 
 Willkie Farr 
 WilmerHale 
 COMPANIES 
 Amazon.com Inc. 
 Amerex Group Inc. 
 Bank of America Corp. 
 BuzzFeed Inc. 
 CCC Information Services Inc. 
 Citigroup Inc. 
 Elliott Management Corp. 
 Epic Records 
 Facebook 
 Geico 
 Gizmodo Media Group LLC 
 Global Atlantic Financial Group Ltd. 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 Kobalt Music Group Ltd. 
 Linkedln Corp. 
 Long Island Power Authority 
 Major League Baseball Inc. 
 Miramax Film Corp. 
 Morgan Stanley 
 National Fuel Gas Co. 
 National Grid PLC 
 New York City Bar Association 
 New York University 
 EFTA00032914
Read full article » 
 IMMIGRATION 
 2nd Circ. Revives Man's Bid To Pause His Deportation Case 
 The Second Circuit gave a Mexican citizen a second shot to stop his 
 deportation, finding Wednesday that he is not required to prove that his U 
 visa application for victims of crimes will be processed in a "reasonable" 
 amount of time in order to postpone his removal proceedings while the 
 application is pending. 
 Read full article » 
 ENERGY & ENVIRONMENTAL 
 Long Island Power Authority Can't Shake $100M Sandy Suit 
 Long Island's public power utility and its contractor must face negligence 
 claims brought by property owners over an estimated $100 million in damage 
 caused by electrical equipment left fully energized while Hurricane Sandy 
 clobbered the Rockaway Peninsula, a New York state judge has ruled. 
 Read full article » 
 FERC Won't Reconsider NY Pipeline Authority Ruling 
 The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission relied on a recent D.C. Circuit 
 decision Tuesday when it upheld its conclusion that New York state 
 environmental regulators waived their authority to deny a Clean Water Act 
 permit for a $455 million natural gas pipeline project by blowing a one-year 
 deadline. 
 Read full article » 
 REAL ESTATE & DEVELOPMENT 
 Seyfarth Steers Mack-Cali's $487M Sale Of Office, Flex Assets 
 Mack -Cali said Wednesday it closed the sale of its office and flexible space 
 portfolio, bringing in $487.5 million as the Seyfarth Shaw LLP-led real estate 
 investment trust looks to focus its attention on waterfront office and 
 residential spaces. 
 Read full article » 
 Atty Suspended For Urging Client's Tenant To Kill Himself 
 A real estate attorney who encouraged a tenant of his client to kill himself and 
 who burst into an arbitration hearing, snapping pictures and making threats, 
 has been suspended from practicing law for four months, according to a New 
 York court order. 
 Read full article » 
 PEOPLE 
 Squire Patton Boggs Grabs Litigation Partner From DLA Piper 
 Squire Patton Boggs has boosted its global litigation practice by bringing in 
 partner Joe Alonzo from DLA Piper to work in its New York office, the firm 
 announced Wednesday. 
 Read full article » 
 King & Spalding Adds Stroock Insurance M&A Pro In NY 
 A Stroock partner with an "eclectic" insurance-transactional practice has 
 moved to King & Spalding's New York Office, he told Law360 Wednesday, 
 citing the latter's attractiveness to private equity clients increasingly hungry 
 for insurance-related investments. 
 Read full article » 
 Northeastern University 
 PacifiCorp 
 Pine Brook Partners LLC 
 Rocket Fuel Inc. 
 S&P Global Inc. 
 Sony Music Entertainment Inc. 
 Spotify Technology SA 
 StubHub Inc. 
 The Sherwin-Williams Co. 
 The Valspar Corporation 
 Twitter Inc. 
 Vector Capital LP 
 VVTA Tour Inc. 
 Wynn Resorts Ltd. 
 YouTube Inc. 
 eBay Inc. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Bureau of Citizenship and 
 Immigration Services 
 Federal Aviation Administration 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Federal Energy Regulatory 
 Commission 
 Hoopa Valley Tribe 
 Internal Revenue Service 
 Massachusetts Gaming 
 Commission 
 New York State Department of 
 Environmental Conservation 
 New York State Department of 
 Taxation and Finance 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 Solicitors Regulation Authority 
 U.S. Attorneys Office 
 U.S. Department of Homeland 
 Security 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. House of Representatives 
 U S Supreme Court 
 United States Bankruptcy Court for 
 the Southern District of New York 
 United States District Court for the 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032915
Ex-Proskauer Tax Atty Joins Brown Rudnick's Tax Group 
 Brown Rudnick LLP has announced that a former Proskauer Rose LLP 
 attorney has joined the firm as a partner in its tax practice group based in 
 New York. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Kavanaugh's Law School Gig Faces Student Backlash 
 Students at George Mason University are demanding that the school reverse 
 its decision to hire U.S. Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh as a law 
 school lecturer this summer in light of decades-old sexual misconduct claims 
 against him that surfaced during his confirmation hearing. 
 Read full article » 
 Senate Rules Axed To Speed Judicial, Administration Picks 
 Senate Republicans voted to ax the chamber's nominee debate rules 
 Wednesday, potentially opening the floodgates for dozens of President 
 Donald Trump's trial judge and lower-level administrative nominees to be 
 confirmed. 
 Read full article » 
 Ex -Jones Day Associates Hit Firm With $200M Bias Suit 
 A group of former Jones Day associates hit the BigLaw powerhouse with a 
 $200 million pregnancy and gender discrimination suit Wednesday, accusing 
 the firm of systematically underpaying women, devaluing the work of female 
 associates and pushing out lawyers who have children. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 GC Missteps Loom Large In Mass. Regulator's Wynn Probe 
 Executives in the legal division of Wynn Resorts were among those flagged 
 in a regulator's report detailing how sexual abuse allegations against ex-CEO 
 and Chairman Steve Wynn were swept under the rug. Here, Law360 looks at 
 how those attorneys may have failed to serve their ultimate client, the 
 company. 
 Read full article » 
 Stars, BigLaw Atty Make 'Varsity Blues' Court Debut 
 Hollywood stars Lori Loughlin and Felicity Huffman, along with ex-Willkie Farr 
 & Gallagher LLP co-chair Gordon Caplan, faced a federal judge for the first 
 time Wednesday after being charged in the "Varsity Blues" college 
 admissions scandal, attracting a crush of media and autograph-seekers to 
 the waterfront Boston courthouse. 
 Read full article » 
 Allen & Overy Atty For Weinstein Referred For Discipline 
 An Allen & Overy attorney has been referred to a U.K. disciplinary tribunal 
 following an investigation into alleged misconduct connected to the 
 representation of disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein and the use of 
 nondisclosure agreements to hush up allegations of sexual assault. 
 Read full article » 
 Court Staffer's Happy Hour Sparks Recusal Bid 
 A Georgia man has asked a state court judge to remove herself from his 
 divorce case, saying a member of the judge's staff never disclosed that she 
 attends a monthly happy hour with a lawyer at the firm representing his ex-
 wife, even when she was asked. 
 Read full article » 
 EFTA00032916
Amazon Atty Joins StubHub As New General Counsel 
 StubHub has snagged former Amazon attorney Stephanie Burns to be its 
 new vice president and general counsel, the online ticket exchange company 
 announced Wednesday. 
 Read full article » 
 Interview 
 Law Firm Leaders: Bryan Cave's Mayhew And Pritchard 
 Wednesday marks the one-year anniversary of the transatlantic merger that 
 formed Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner. The law firm's top leaders, Therese 
 Pritchard and Lisa Mayhew, sat down recently with Law360 to chat about the 
 combination and the law firm's future. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Mid -Level IP Litigation Associate with Solid 
 Experience in Trademark and Copyright 
 Law 
 Epstein Drangel 
 New York. New York 
 Project Finance Associate 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP 
 New York. New York 
 NYC Big-Law litigation assoc (34 yrs exp) 
 KLR Davis 
 New York, New York 
 Banktcy Boutique Counsel/Partner 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC, New York 
 L&E Partner -Mid-sized NYC law firm 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York City, New York 
 mid level L&E assoc/40 yr old 50 atty NYC 
 firm 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York. New York 
 IP Litigation Paralegal/Legal Assistant with 
 Expert Presentation Skills 
 Epstein Drangel 
 New York, New York 
 Stellar mid-sized firm seeks outstanding 
 mid level m&a atty 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC. New York 
 elite lit boutique // mid level assoc 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York, New York 
 Intellectual Property — Patent Agent 
 Troutman Sanders LLP 
 New York, New York 
 NYC'Corp'Assoc*Mid-sized*Lifestyle 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC. New York 
 Analysis Manager-Capital 
 Markets/Technology 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC. New York 
 Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather nor receive future emails of this soil 
 you may tmsubscribe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customs.' support inquiries, please call + I -646-781.7ICO or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360 I Ponfolio Media. Inc. Ill West 19M Street. Srh Floor. New York. NY 10011 
 EFTA00032917
From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To: • 
 Subject: 2019 Year In Review: The Legal Industry 
 Date: Thu, 26 Dec 2019 11:33:27 +0000 
 `1.aw360 Special 
 Report 
 Year In Review 
 Thursday, December 26, 2019 -;;Follow Law360 
 r; r 3Stock-1044578200.jpg 
 5 Trends That Rocked The Legal Industry In 2019 
 From some law firms' hard-knuckle responses to discrimination lawsuits filed 
 against them to the Big Four's ongoing creep into the legal sector, these were 
 some of the moments and trends that shook the industry in 2019. 
 Looking Back: Law360's 2019 Legal Lions And Lambs 
 It was a big year for explosive news in the legal industry. Here, Law360 
 rounds up the noteworthy legal industry peaks and valleys with one final legal 
 lions and lambs list. 
 All Talk, Little Action: BigLaw Mergers Were Scarce In 2019 
 In a record-breaking year for total U.S. law firm combinations, blockbuster 
 merger announcements were few and far between. But experts say a slew of 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Allen & Overy 
 Austin LLP 
 Berry Appleman 
 Briggs & Morgan 
 Cohen & Grigsby 
 Davis Polk 
 Dentons 
 Drinker Biddle 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 Faegre Baker 
 Fisher Phillips 
 Gray Plant Mooty 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Hughes Hubbard 
 Jones Day 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Lathrop Gage 
 LeClairRyan 
 Mayer Brown 
 McDermott Will 
 Milbank LLP 
 Morgan Lewis 
 O'Melveny & Myers 
 Ogletree Deakins 
 Outten & Golden 
 Pepper Hamilton 
 Sidley Austin 
 Skadden 
 Taft Stettinius 
 Troutman Sanders 
 Ulmer & Beme 
 Wiggin and Dana 
 Williams & Connolly 
 Willkie Farr 
 EFTA00032918
fi rms expressed interest and began feeling out a tie-up this past year, which 
 could mean merger madness at the top end of the market in 2020. 
 WilmerHale 
 Zuckerman Spaeder 
 Poetic Justice: How Judges Got Creative In 2019 
 Amid headline-grabbing decisions and groundbreaking precedent out of 
 federal courts in 2019, judges also injected bits of levity and creativity in their 
 otherwise serious work, quipping about that last "Game of Thrones" season or 
 quoting the Bard. Here, Law360 presents some of the best poetry, zingers 
 and pop-culture references that popped up in opinions over the past year. 
 The 7 Most Divisive Judicial Confirmations Of 2019 
 In a banner year for judicial confirmations, senators in 2019 signed off on 20 
 circuit judges and 80 district judges as President Donald Trump clinched his 
 185th appointment — but in reaching that milestone, Majority Leader Mitch 
 McConnell faced a number of heated battles along the way. 
 THE STATE OF THE LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 The Law360 400 
 Kirkland & Ellis LLP has redefined what it means to be the biggest of BigLaw 
 — weighing in at 2,116 attorneys by year end 2018 and becoming the first firm 
 since Law360 began tracking law firm head counts to top 2,000 U.S.-based 
 attorneys. 
 The 2019 Law360 Glass Ceiling Report 
 Our annual survey of the largest U.S. law firms again shines a light on the 
 lack of parity for female attorneys in private practice. Though women now 
 make up more than half of law school students, the Glass Ceiling Report 
 shows they continue to be underrepresented at all levels of a typical law firm 
 and that their numbers dwindle as they move up the ranks. 
 The 2019 Law360 Diversity Snapshot 
 U.S. law firms have long touted their commitment to diversity and inclusion. 
 But those goals still seem far from being realized. Law360's annual Diversity 
 Snapshot indicates only marginal progress on racial and ethnic diversity in the 
 attorney workforce from year to year, even as demands grow from clients 
 expecting more diverse legal teams. 
 PODCAST 
 Law360's Pro Say: Will The Glass Ceiling Ever Break? 
 For years women have been looking around their law firms and seeing mostly 
 men in leadership. When will things change? On the latest episode of 
 Law360's Pro Say podcast we discuss our annual Glass Ceiling report, which 
 reveals a glacial pace for increased gender parity in the law, and we talk to 
 one prominent female attorney who managed to crack the glass ceiling. 
 COMPANIES 
 Altman Weil Inc. 
 American Bar Association 
 BlueStone Natural Resources II 
 LLP 
 Chevron Corp. 
 Deloitte Touche 
 Ernst & Young LLP 
 Google Inc. 
 Home Box Office Inc. 
 KPMG International 
 Lippman Jungers LLC 
 Major Lindsey & Africa 
 Paypal Holdings Inc. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers 
 International Ltd. 
 Spectrum Management Holding 
 Co. 
 Warner Bros. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 National Labor Relations Board 
 U.S. Department of Education 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 Not sine if your thin subscribes? Ask your libtatian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive future emits of this son. 
 you may unsubscribe here. 
 Please IX) NOT reply to this email. For cuszonwr suppon inquiries. please call + IGO or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360l Portfolio Media. Inc. Ill West 19Th Sunk. 5th Floor. New York. NY 10011 
 EFTA00032919
From: ' 
 To: ' 
 Subject: RE: RE: 
 Date: Wed, 21 Aug 2019 18:02:58 +0000 
 )"  
 (USANYS)"  
 Your door is shut but I'm around anytime. 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 14:00 
 To: (USANYS) > 
 Subject: FW: RE 
 I'll come chat with you — this is the proposed correction. 
 From: Brown, Jeffrey 
 Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 13:20 
 To: 
 Subject: Re: RE: 
 Governor Bill Richardson offered his assistance in the Jeffrey Epstein investigation through his lawyer, Jeff 
 Brown of Dechert LLP, to the US Attorney for the Southern District of New York. In response to this offer, Mr. 
 Brown was informed by the Assistant US Attorney responsible for the case that Governor Richardson is neither 
 a target, subject, nor witness in the case and that there is no allegation against Governor Richardson about 
 which the government is seeking a response from Gov. Richardson at this time. 
 "It's fair to conclude that the federal prosecutors investigating this matter do not believe at this time the 
 Governor participated in or witnessed the criminal activity Jeffrey Epstein is alleged to have committed," said 
 Mr. Brown. 
 Furthermore, Governor Richardson has never been contacted by any party to a lawsuit involving Epstein, nor 
 by any law enforcement investigating Epstein. Governor Richardson hopes that the investigation continues so 
 that Epstein's victims can finally have their day in court and see the justice they deserve. 
 Jeffrey Brown 
 Dechert LLP 
 1095 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York New York 10036 
 Direct: 
 Fax: 
 On Aug 21, 2019, at 1:12 PM, 
 ) < 
 > wrote: 
 EFTA00032920
Sure, do you mind circulating a dial in? 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Nov 30, 2020, at 12:33 PM, (USANYS) < > wrote: 
 Do you have a few minutes to speak about Maxwell? We spoke with BOP today and wanted to chat with you about next 
 steps as we owe a joint letter to the court tomorrow. Would 1 pm work? 
 Thanks! 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 Tel: 
 EFTA00032012
Hey no attachment, please re-send? Thanks. 
 From: Brown, Jeffrey 
 Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 13:00 
 To: 
 Subject: 
 is this the edit you are looking for? I apologize again for this. 
 Jeffrey Brown 
 Dechert LLP 
 1095 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York,  New York 10036 
 Direct: 
 Fax: 
 This e-mail is from Dechert LLP, a law firm, and may contain information that is confidential or privileged. If 
 you are not the intended recipient, do not read, copy or distribute the e-mail or any attachments. Instead, please 
 notify the sender and delete the e-mail and any attachments. Thank you. 
 This e-mail is from Dechert LLP, a law firm, and may contain information that is confidential or privileged. If 
 you are not the intended recipient, do not read, copy or distribute the e-mail or any attachments. Instead, please 
 notify the sender and delete the e-mail and any attachments. Thank you. 
 EFTA00032921
From: New York Law360 <news-altglaw360.com> 
 To: < 
 Subject: Top New York Cases To Watch In 2019 
 Date: Wed, 02 Jan 2019 09:45:18 +0000 
 ;1,1_aw360 New York 
 NEW YORK 
 Wednesday, January 2, 2019 G Follow Law360 
 Top New York Cases To Watch In 2019 
 Big cases often find their homes in New York, and the coming year will be no 
 different. President Donald Trump's campaign-season and charitable conduct 
 have come under legal assault, former Hollywood kingpin Harvey Weinstein 
 faces sexual assault charges and alleged systemic corruption in college 
 basketball will go before a jury. Here, Law360 provides a rundown of some 
 Empire State cases attorneys will be closely watching in 2019. Read full 
 article » 
 Financial Services Litigation To Watch In 2019 
 On the horizon for the financial services industry in the new year are cases 
 that will turn up the heat on the debate over the Consumer Financial 
 Protection Bureau's constitutionality, test the legality of the much-vaunted 
 fi ntech banking charter and potentially increase the number of lawsuits from 
 homeowners fighting foreclosure. Here, Law360 examines the cases that 
 experts most often singled out for their potential impact on the industry. Read 
 full article » 
 NYC Real Estate Legislation, Regulation To Watch In 2019 
 Rezoning in various neighborhoods and the question of short-term rentals 
 are among the areas of regulation and legislation that real estate lawyers in 
 New York will be watching in 2019. Read full article » 
 Sports Cases To Watch In 2019 
 After 2018 brought an end to some major long-standing legal disputes in 
 sports, such as a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that opened the door for sports 
 betting, the new year is set to see more developments and potential 
 resolutions to many other significant sports legal cases. Here, Law360 takes 
 a look at sports law cases attorneys to watch in 2019. Read full article 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 3 Key Food And Beverage Trends To Watch In 2019 
 As we ring in the new year, attorneys with Alston & Bird LLP discuss what to 
 expect from slack-fill litigation, partially hydrogenated oil-related lawsuits, and 
 the messy regulatory landscape of cannabidiol and THC edibles. Read full 
 article » 
 Why More Law Firms Will Embrace Remote Work In 2019 
 Leveraging technology in a fiercely competitive market is a key factor driving 
 law firms toward technology adoption in 2019, as they face growing demand 
 from legal talent and clients for the ability to connect, access and control 
 information whenever and wherever needed, says Tomas Suros of tech 
 provider AbacusNext. Read full article » 
 ;.,Law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Alston & Bird 
 Arnold & Porter 
 Baker Donelson 
 Bernstein Shur 
 Boies Schiller 
 DLA Piper 
 Dechert 
 Desmarais LLP 
 Dickinson Wright 
 Dykema Gossett PLLC 
 Fenwick & West 
 Foley Hoag 
 Fried Frank 
 Goodwin 
 Goulston & Storrs 
 Gupta Wessler 
 Haynes and Boone 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Law Offices of Tim Powers 
 McCarthy & Holthus 
 Morvillo Abramowitz 
 EFTA00032922
LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 3 Worries Keeping Managing Partners Up At Night In 2019 
 Going into 2019, managing partners have a lot on their plates. Here, Law360 
 takes an in-depth dive into the three things that are worrying managing 
 partners most in 2019. Read full article » 
 Law Firms Likely To Keep Expanding Parental Benefits In 2019 
 Many law firms revamped their parental benefits policies in 2018, making 
 attorneys and staff eligible for more paid leave and moving away from 
 offering different benefits for different genders. Here's a look back at the firms 
 that made waves, and a preview of what we might see in the coming year. 
 Read full article » 
 The 3 Hottest Practice Areas For 2019 
 A strong, although uncertain, economy going into the new year is driving an 
 uptick in work for law firms as corporations scramble to position themselves 
 for success in 2019, creating particularly heavy demand for attorneys in three 
 key practice areas. Read full article » 
 Where Lateral Hiring Will Be Most Active In 2019 
 Buoyed by a strong economy and expectations of continued growth in 
 demand, the increasingly dynamic lateral market shows no signs of slowing 
 in 2019, with some regions more primed for activity than others, according to 
 multiple recruiters and industry reports. Read full article » 
 How #MeToo Will Keep Shaping The Legal Industry 
 In its first year, the #MeToo movement had a profound impact on almost 
 every industry and level of the culture, including the legal sector, where law 
 fi rms and federal courts were forced to reckon with policies and practices that 
 allowed workplace harassment to go unaddressed for years. Here, Law360 
 takes a look at some of the ways the #MeToo movement will continue to 
 shape the legal industry in 2019 as it enters its second year. Read full article 
 4 Worries That Will Keep GCs Awake At Night In 2019 
 As general counsels across industries plan for the new year, they expect the 
 increasing occurrence of cyberthreats and emerging technologies to be 
 among the most pressing issues that will lead to many sleepless nights in the 
 months ahead. Here, Law360 looks at the primary concerns worrying in-
 house leaders. Read full article » 
 The Factors Shaping General Counsel Pay In 2019 
 The total amount reflected in many general counsel paychecks has climbed 
 in recent years thanks to complex regulatory environments and the evolving 
 role of the top corporate lawyer, and that trend is only expected to continue in 
 2019. Read full article » 
 'Leapfrogging' Trump Appeals Jolt Sleepy Supreme Court 
 The Supreme Court's relatively quiet term is being rocked by the Trump 
 administration's emergency appeals over controversial policies on 
 immigration and transgender service members, thrusting the high court once 
 more into the national spotlight. Read full article » 
 Podcast 
 Law360's Pro Say: The Biggest Legal Stories Of 2018 
 For the final episode of Law360's Pro Say podcast in 2018, we're taking a 
 look back at three of the biggest legal stories of the year, including Justice 
 Brett Kavanaugh's nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court and the sexual 
 assault allegations that followed, immigration policy turmoil around the 
 separation of children from their families at the border, and the criminal 
 Ogletree Deakins 
 Orrick Herrington 
 Patterson Belknap 
 Paul Hastings 
 Raines Feldman 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Schiff Hardin 
 Sidley Austin 
 Stroock & Stroock 
 Sullivan & Worcester 
 Tarter Krinsky 
 Walden Macht 
 Weil Gotshal 
 White & Case 
 Wilson Sonsini 
 Withers 
 COMPANIES 
 ABN AMRO Bank NV 
 Adidas AG 
 Airbnb Inc. 
 Altman Weil Inc. 
 Amazon.com Inc. 
 Association of Corporate Counsel 
 BTI Consulting Group Inc. 
 Cato Institute 
 Choice Hotels International, Inc. 
 Conference of State Bank 
 Supervisors 
 Deloitte Touche 
 DraftKings Inc. 
 FanDuel Inc. 
 Fordham University 
 Gallup Inc. 
 Google Inc. 
 Guardian Life Insurance 
 HSBC Holdings PLC 
 Huawei Technologies 
 Jacksonville Jaguars 
 Lippman Jungers LLC 
 Luminex Corporation 
 Major League Soccer LLC 
 Major Lindsey & Africa 
 Marriott International Inc. 
 Massachusetts Mutual Life 
 Insurance 
 Microsoft Corporation 
 NASDAQ OMX Group Inc. 
 NFL Enterprises LLC 
 National Basketball Association 
 National Collegiate Athletic 
 Association 
 EFTA00032923
allegations against a long list of President Donald Trump's associates. Read 
 full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Associate attorney 
 LAW OFFICE OF FRANK XU 
 NEW YORK. New York 
 Lateral Associate 
 Mendes & Mount. LLP 
 New York. New York 
 Mid -Level IP Litigation Associate with Solid 
 Experience in Trademark and Copyright 
 Law 
 Epstein Drangel 
 New York, New York 
 Employment Associate / NY midsize law 
 firm 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York, New York 
 Sports partner seeks top mid level 
 litigation assoc/NYC 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York, New York 
 Patent Agent/Technical Specialist
 Biology/Chemistry (New York or 
 Washington, DC Offices) 
 Steptoe & Johnson LLP 
 New York, New York 
 NYC'Corp'Assoc*Mid-sizedtifestyle 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC. New York 
 L&E Partner -Midsized NYC law firm 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York City. New York 
 OTC Markets Group Inc. 
 PHH Corporation 
 Pindrop Security Inc. 
 RD Legal Funding LLC 
 RPN Executive Search LLC 
 Robert Half International Inc. 
 Tootsie Roll Industries Inc. 
 Twitter Inc. 
 UBS AG 
 United States Olympic Committee 
 United States Soccer Federation 
 Inc. 
 Washington Post Co. 
 Watanabe Nason 
 Wells Fargo & Co. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Bureau of Labor Statistics 
 Consumer Financial Protection 
 Bureau 
 European Union 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Food and Drug Administration 
 New York Attorney General's Office 
 New York State Gaming 
 Commission 
 Office of the Comptroller of the 
 Currency 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of the Treasury 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 United States District Court for the 
 Eastern District of Pennsylvania 
 Not sum if your firm subwribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive future °mails of this son. 
 you may unsubictibe here. 
 Please 1)O NOT reply to this mail. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-781-71CO or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360. Portfolio Media. Inc. 111 West 19th Street. Sib Floor. New York. NY 10011 
 EFTA00032924
From 
 To: "Strauss, Audrey (USANYS)" 
 Subject: Automatic reply: Your opening 
 Date: Tue, 27 Aug 2019 14:15:42 +0000 
 I am currently on trial before the Honorable Ronnie Abrams. I will be checking email at the end of each trial da . If ou need immediate 
 assistance in connect" a Cr. 490 (RMB), please contact AUSA at For all other matters, 
 please contact AUSA Thank you. 
 EFTA00032925
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: FW: Update 
 Date: The, 27 Aug 2019 18:49:44 +0000 
 Attachments: JeffreyEpstein_update_8.26.19.docx 
 FYI 
 From• 
 Sent: 
 To: St 
 Subject: FW: Update 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, August 27, 2019 10:24 AM 
 To: 
 Subject: Update 
 This went up this morning 
 Best Regards, 
 Mike 
 Special Agent in Charge 
 Criminal Division 
 FBI New York Office 
 (C 
 EFTA00032926
From: (USANYS)" 
 To: "-(USANYS)" 
 Subject: FW: Touhy letters from last week 
 Date: Tue, 27 Aug 2019 21:01:19 +0000 
 Attachments: 8.20.19_Epstein_Letter_to_SDNY-c2.pdf; 8.20.19_Epstein_Letter to_MCC-c2.pdf; 
 8.20.19_Epstein_Letter to_FBI-c2.pdf 
 From: (USANYS)
 Sent: Tuesday, August 27, 2019 3:43 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Subject: Touhy letters from last week 
 Hi Rebekah, 
 As discussed, here are the three Touhy letters Steptoe sent last week. Let me know if I should follow up with the FBI at all 
 on this—the FBI letter is addressed to 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 86 Chambers Street, Third Floor 
 New York, New York 10007 
 Telephone: 
 Facsimile: 
 EFTA00032927
From: 
 S" 
 To: '1 
 Subject: Fwd: Transcript Request-19CR00490 
 Date: Wed, 28 Aug 2019 13:57:57 +0000 
 Attachments: J8RpEPSIpdf; ATT00001.htm 
 ye cl 
 All of the relevant discussion starts when Reid stands up. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: ' 
 Date: Au 
 To: " 
 Subject: Fwd: Transcript Request-19CR00490 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: 
 Date: August 27, 2019 at 2:30:31  PM EDT 
 To: " 
 Subject: Transcript Request-19CR00490 
 Hello: 
 Attached you will find a copy of Case No. 19-CR-490 as requested. Please confirm delivery. 
 Thank You, 
 EFTA00032928
From: ' 
 "„ c l 
 To: (USANYS)" ctl 
 Subject: : trave request 
 Date: Tue, 06 Apr 2021 18:45:25 +0000 
 Thanks, Ed! 
 From: . (USANYS) <
 Sent: ues ay, pn , 2021 2:45 PM 
 To: I 
 * c a 
 Cc: (USANYS) cza; (USANYS)
 • USANYS) (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: travel request 
 Approved 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 6, 2021 2:44 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) c).; (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) < 
 Subject: travel request 
 Hi Ed, 
 For the Ghislaine Maxwell case, I'd like to request approval to travel with our case agents to Durango, Colorado next week 
 to interview a victim (and potential witness for trial this summer). Because it's a fairly long flight with a layover, the plan 
 would be to fly out on Monday (4/12), conduct two days of interviews to debrief the victim and discuss testifying at trial, 
 and return on Thursday (4/15). Other than flights and a hotel, I don't anticipate any other travel expenses for the trip. 
 Thanks very much, and hope you're doing well--
 Alison 
 EFTA00032929
From: ' (USANYS)"  
 To: " SANYS)" 
 (USANYS)" 
 Subject: OPR and PMRU Stuff 
 Date: Thu, 08 Apr 2021 17:22:47 +0000 
 SANYS 
 Here's the relevant section of the Epstein OPR report, and the Justice Manual provision on the Professional 
 Misconduct Review Unit, to which OPR findings of professional misconduct get referred. 
 From the public Epstein OPR Executive Summary (fn's omitted): 
 III. OVERVIEW OF OPR'S ANALYTICAL FRAMEWORK 
 OPR's primary mission is to ensure that Department attorneys perform their duties in accordance with the 
 highest professional standards, as would be expected of the nation's principal law enforcement agency. 
 Accordingly, OPR investigates allegations of professional misconduct against current or former Department 
 attorneys related to the exercise of their authority to investigate, litigate, or provide legal advice. OPR also has 
 jurisdiction to investigate allegations of misconduct against Department law enforcement agents when they relate 
 to a Department attorney's alleged professional misconduct. 
 In its investigations, OPR determines whether a clear and unambiguous standard governs the challenged conduct 
 and whether a subject attorney violated that standard. Department attorneys are subject to various legal 
 obligations and professional standards in the performance of their duties, including the Constitution, statutes, 
 standards of conduct imposed by attorney licensing authorities, and Department regulations and policies. OPR 
 finds misconduct when it concludes by a preponderance of the evidence that a subject attorney violated such a 
 standard intentionally or recklessly. Pursuant to OPR's analytical framework, when OPR concludes that (1) no 
 clear and unambiguous standard governs the conduct in question or (2) the subject did not intentionally or 
 recklessly violate the standard that governs the conduct, then it concludes that the subject's conduct does not 
 constitute professional misconduct. In some cases, OPR may conclude that a subject attorney's conduct does not 
 satisfy the elements necessary for a professional misconduct finding, but that the circumstances warrant another 
 fi nding. In such cases, OPR may conclude that a subject attorney exercised poor judgment, made a mistake, or 
 otherwise acted inappropriately under the circumstances. OPR may also determine that the subject attorney's 
 conduct was appropriate under the circumstances. 
 From the Justice Manual 
 1-4.320 - Adjudicating Findings of Attorney Professional Misconduct—The 
 Professional Misconduct Review Unit 
 Mission. Where OPR has made findings of attorney professional misconduct, those findings are referred to the 
 Department's Professional Misconduct Review Unit (PMRU). Consistent with memoranda issued separately by the Deputy 
 Attorney General, the PMRU evaluates any findings of professional misconduct by 0PR and, where appropriate, issues fair, 
 timely, and consistent disciplinary decisions. The PMRU also authorizes referrals to the appropriate bar authority in those 
 instances in which OPR concludes that a current or former Department attorney violated a rule of professional conduct 
 during his or her tenure with the Department. 
 Authority of the PMRU. The PMRU has authority to handle disciplinary matters involving career Department attorneys, 
 except for those employed in the law enforcement components and certain employees of the Executive Office for 
 Immigration Review. The PMRU has no authority to adjudicate disciplinary actions in misconduct cases pertaining to non-
 career attorneys (whether appointed by the President with Senate confirmation, or otherwise politically appointed). The 
 PMRU Chief has authority in his or her discretion to choose not to sustain findings of misconduct referred to the PMRU. 
 The PMRU Chief also has the authority in his or her discretion to include in the PMRU disciplinary decision any poor 
 judgment findings in reports of investigation that are closely related to the professional misconduct findings referred to the 
 PMRU. Closely related findings are those findings that arise from the same report of investigation, are made against the 
 same individual, and are based on the same or substantially similar conduct. The PMRU Chief's disciplinary authority 
 EFTA00032930
From: 
 Subject: FW: Letter re GM requests for redactions and in camera proceeding 
 Date: Wed, 02 Dec 2020 15:24:59 +0000 
 Attachments: 2020-12-
 02_GM _letter regarding_defense_requestfor_sealing_in_camera_hearing_vl.rd.docx 
 One small edit in the attached. 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, December 2, 2020 10:14 AM 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Letter re GM requests for redactions and in camera proceeding 
 Chiefs, 
 Attached for review is a draft letter responding to Maxwell's requests for redactions and an in camera proceeding. For 
 reference, attached are the relevant filings and Judge Nathan's order directing us to respond. This is due today. 
 Thanks, 
 EFTA00032013
includes the authority to resolve or authorize the resolution of any disciplinary action pending before the PMRU without 
 the PMRU reaching a final decision on the merits of the action. Depending on the circumstances, the PMRU Chief may 
 serve as the Grievance Official to a Letter of Reprimand issued by a PMRU Attorney or the Deciding Official on a 
 suspension or removal action proposed by a PMRU Attorney. In all of its actions, the PMRU will operate in accordance 
 with the due prorates requirements established in 5 U.S.C. § 7500 et seq., and 5 C.F.R. Part 752. 
 Bar Referrals. At the conclusion of any final disciplinary action by the PMRU, including any decision from a final 
 appellate authority, if there is a final determination that a subject attorney committed professional misconduct implicating 
 a rule of professional conduct or when the PMRU Chief otherwise determines that a rule of professional conduct so 
 requires, the PMRU Chief will direct OPR to refer the subject attorney to the appropriate bar authority or authorities. For 
 former Department attorneys, the PMRU Chief may, after receiving an OPR report of investigation finding misconduct, 
 issue a letter advising the subject attorney of the misconduct findings and informing the subject attorney of the right to 
 submit an objection to OPR's findings. After receipt of an objection, if any, the PMRU Chief will determine if the matter 
 will be referred to the appropriate bar authority under the same procedures as for Department attorneys. 
 The Authority of the Deputy Attorney General. The Deputy Attorney General reserves the authority to designate 
 individuals outside of the PMRU to serve as proposing, deciding, or grievance officials in all disciplinary matters, including 
 those involving findings of professional misconduct by OPR, or to personally serve as the proposing, deciding, or grievance 
 official. The Deputy Attorney General also reserves the right to designate an acting PMRU Chief. 
 [updated September 2018] 
 Associate U.S. Attorney 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032931
From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To: < 
 Subject: Ex-White House Counsel McGahn Ordered To Testify To House 
 Date: "Cue, 26 Nov 2019 08:39:43 +0000 
 r law360 White 
 Collar 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Tuesday, November 26, 2019 Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Ex -White House Counsel McGahn Ordered To Testify To House 
 A D.C. federal judge ruled Monday that former White House counsel Don 
 McGahn must comply with a subpoena to testify in House Democrats' 
 impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump's alleged attempts to 
 obstruct former special counsel Robert Mueller's probe into Russia's election 
 interference. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 Katten Settles $69M Malpractice Row Over Lending Scam 
 A Missouri federal judge on Monday dismissed a malpractice suit against 
 Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP after it settled the matter with several 
 corporate entities linked to a decade-long payday lending scam that resulted 
 in a $69 million judgment against the companies. 
 I document attached I Read full article » 
 Atty Lied In Hyundai Construction's CAA Case, DOJ Says 
 A Chicago-area attorney is facing charges of perjury and obstruction of 
 justice for allegedly lying under oath before a federal grand jury in a criminal 
 Clean Air Act case against Hyundai Construction Equipment Americas Inc., 
 the U.S. Department of Justice said Monday. 
 Indictment attached I Read full article » 
 Ex -CEO Gets Over 4 Years For Cooking Hedge Fund's Books 
 A Manhattan federal judge hit former Premium Point Investments CEO 
 Anilesh "Neil" Ahuja with 50 months in prison Monday for directing a scheme 
 to overinflate his fallen hedge fund's assets by $100 million, rejecting a 
 defense argument that his underlings were responsible. 
 Read full article » 
 SEC Expands Ad Fraud Suit Against Outcome Health Execs 
 Less than two weeks after federal prosecutors and regulators targeted a 
 former Outcome Health executive over an alleged "massive" advertising 
 fraud scheme, three additional former executives have been named in the 
 parallel criminal and civil cases, according to court documents filed Monday. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 Epstein Guards Face April Trial, Decry Broken Prison System 
 A Manhattan federal judge on Monday set an April trial date for two prison 
 guards charged with failing to check on inmates the night wealthy financier 
 ;,,Law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Allen & Overy 
 Bartle & Marcus 
 Berger Harris 
 Bird & Bird 
 Blank Rome 
 Boies Schiller 
 Bruce S. Rogow PA 
 Buschel & Gibbons 
 Butler Royals 
 Cahill Gordon 
 Clifford Chance 
 Cloth Fair Chambers 
 Consovoy McCarthy 
 Cotsirilos Tighe 
 Cravath Swaine 
 Critchley Kinum 
 Crowley Fleck 
 Doughty Street Chambers 
 Fried Frank 
 German May 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Holwell Shuster 
 Jackson Lewis 
 EFTA00032932
and sex offender Jeffrey Epstein killed himself in his cell, overruling bids by 
 the defense to delay. 
 Read full article » 
 INVESTIGATIONS 
 Justices Pause House Panel's Trump Records Subpoena 
 A House committee must wait to enforce a subpoena on President Donald 
 Trump's longtime accounting firm seeking eight years of his business 
 records, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled Monday, allowing Trump's attorneys 
 to file a petition to the high court. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 COMPLIANCE 
 Alstom UK Unit Ordered To Pay £16.4M For African Bribes 
 A judge ordered the British subsidiary of Alstom SA to pay £16.4 million ($21 
 million) on Monday after it was convicted of bribing officials to secure a 
 lucrative infrastructure contract in Africa, closing the Serious Fraud Office's 
 long -running probe into the French rail and energy giant's worldwide 
 business dealings. 
 Read full article » 
 SECURITIES 
 Insider Trading Verdict Backed By Evidence, 1st Circ. Rules 
 A jury had ample evidence to convict a man of passing along inside 
 information about a tire company merger from his wife, the company's 
 general counsel, despite newly unearthed documents and witnesses that he 
 says show there was public news of the imminent merger, the First Circuit 
 has ruled. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 DOJ, Mine Investors Say Och-Ziff Unit Can't Duck Restitution 
 At the court's beckoning, the U.S. Department of Justice and investors in an 
 African mining company each said Friday that an Och-Ziff Capital 
 Management Group unit can't be excused from paying restitution over a 
 bribery scheme. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 Qatar PM Wanted To Be Barclays"Special Gulf Guy,' Jury Told 
 The former prime minister of Qatar wanted to be Barclays'"special Gulf guy" 
 in the bank's financial crisis-era fundraising and was against other Middle 
 Eastern investors participating, a London jury heard during testimony from 
 the bank's rainmaker in the region on Monday. 
 Read full article » 
 Three Traders In Newswire Hack Plot Liable For $47.6M 
 Three traders and their companies are liable for nearly $47.6 million after 
 years of ignoring a 2015 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission suit 
 alleging that they traded off of stolen earnings information, a New Jersey 
 federal judge said Monday. 
 Order attached Read full article 
 Al Co. Investor Says Founder Skimmed Assets, Nuked Critics 
 An investor in augmented intelligence company MondoBrain Inc. accused its 
 founder Monday of skimming company assets and setting up deals that 
 benefited him personally, with critics subjected to "nuclear" retaliation, during 
 arguments in Delaware Chancery Court over blocking the conduct. 
 Jenner & Block 
 Jones Day 
 Katten 
 Keker Van Nest & Peters 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 LeClairRyan 
 Martin G. Weinberg PC 
 McGuireWoods 
 Michael Best 
 Milbank LLP 
 Modus Law 
 Monico & Spevack 
 O'Hagan Meyer 
 Paul Weiss 
 PilieroMazza PLLC 
 Proskauer Rose 
 QEB Hollis Whiteman 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Rimon PC 
 Robbins Russell 
 Saul Ewing 
 Sidley Austin 
 Three Raymond Buildings 
 Wilson Sonsini 
 Young Conaway 
 COMPANIES 
 Alstom SA 
 Amazon.com Inc. 
 American Bar Association 
 American Civil Liberties Union 
 American Federation of Labor and 
 Congress of Industrial 
 Organizations 
 Apollo Tyres Ltd. 
 Apple Inc. 
 Bumble Bee Foods LLC 
 Bunge Ltd. 
 Capital One Financial Corp. 
 Citizens Financial Group Inc. 
 ContextMedia Inc. 
 Cooper Tire & Rubber Co. 
 Court of Arbitration for Sport 
 Deutsche Bank AG 
 Instagram Inc. 
 International Olympic Committee 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 Lambda Legal Defense & 
 Educational Fund 
 Mazars USA LLP 
 Microsoft Corp. 
 EFTA00032933
Read full article » 
 PUBLIC INTEGRITY 
 'Bridgegate' Convictions For Fraud Must Stand, Justices Told 
 Two former associates of ex-New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie were convicted 
 for lying about a purported traffic study to create massive gridlock as part of 
 the "Bridgegate" scandal and not for hiding political motives for an otherwise 
 lawful decision, prosecutors have said in urging the U.S. Supreme Court to 
 maintain the convictions. 
 Brief attached Read full article » 
 Roger Stone's Bid To Shake Guilty Verdicts Falls Flat 
 Former Trump campaign adviser Roger Stone can't escape guilty verdicts on 
 the seven felony charges against him because he made no argument that the 
 evidence used to convict him was lacking in any way, a D.C. federal judge 
 explained Monday. 
 Order attached l Read full article » 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 Assange Not Fit For US Extradition Hearing, Doctors Say 
 More than 60 doctors have written to British authorities saying they fear 
 Wikileaks founder Julian Assange could die in prison unless he gets medical 
 treatment before a trial hearing as the U.S. seeks to extradite him to face 
 espionage charges. 
 Read full article » 
 SANCTIONS 
 Apple Strikes Deal With Treasury Over Sanctions Lapse 
 Apple Inc. will pay nearly $467,000 to the U.S. Department of the Treasury 
 for allegedly hosting a sanctioned Slovenian software developer on its 
 platform and processing more than $1 million in payments to the company, 
 the Treasury Department announced Monday. 
 Notice attached I Read full article » 
 LEGAL ETHICS 
 Avenatti Attack On Fraud Charge Is 'Hyperbole,' Gov't Says 
 Michael Avenatti ignores the "unmistakable" wording of an allegation that he 
 defrauded a client as he plotted to extort millions from Nike Inc., the federal 
 government has told a New York judge, hoping to knock down the lawyer's 
 arguments that the indictment against him is flawed because it doesn't use 
 the word "bribe." 
 Memorandum attached I Read full article » 
 IMMIGRATION 
 Ex -China Diplomat Hit With 16 Years On Forced Labor Rap 
 A former Chinese diplomat convicted at trial of using workers from his home 
 country as forced labor for U.S. construction projects was sentenced Monday 
 to nearly 16 years in prison, with a New York federal judge decrying a 
 yearslong scheme to profit off of alleged slaves. 
 Read full article » 
 GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS 
 US Sues Contractor Over 'Sham Office' Used To Earn $52M 
 National Association for the 
 Advancement of Colored People 
 National Rifle Association of 
 America 
 Nike Inc. 
 Och-Ziff Capital Management 
 Group LLC 
 Outcome Health 
 Planned Parenthood Federation 
 UnitedLex Corp. 
 Wells Fargo & Co. 
 World Anti-Doping Agency 
 YouTube Inc. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Consumer Financial Protection 
 Bureau 
 Delaware Court of Chancery 
 Executive Office of the President 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. 
 Federal Reserve System 
 Maryland Attorney General's Office 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control 
 Port Authority of New York & New 
 Jersey 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 Serious Fraud Office 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the First 
 Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth 
 Circuit 
 U S Department of Homeland 
 Security 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of the Treasury 
 U.S. District Court for the Central 
 District of California 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Idaho 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 New Jersey 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of Virginia 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of California 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of Georgia 
 U S District Court for the Northern 
 District of Illinois 
 EFTA00032934
The U.S. government has accused an Idaho-based company of fraudulently 
 obtaining more than $52 million in federal contracts by allegedly creating a 
 sham office with no-show employees to qualify for benefits intended to help 
 small businesses in economically depressed areas. 
 Complaint attached j Read full article » 
 SPORTS & BETTING 
 Ex -Marketing Exec Cops To Embezzling $22M For Poker, Debts 
 A professional poker player and former executive at digital marketing 
 company StyleHaul Inc. has admitted to embezzling more than $22 million 
 from his employer and spending that money gambling and paying off his 
 credit cards, according to the U.S. Department of Justice. 
 Read full article » 
 Russia Should Face Olympic Ban, Anti-Doping Panel Says 
 A World Anti-Doping Agency committee recommended Monday that Russia 
 face a four-year ban from the Olympics and other international competitions 
 after finding the country had destroyed or altered doping test data it was 
 required to turn over because of past allegations of state-sponsored doping. 
 Read full article » 
 COMPETITION 
 Ex -Bumble Bee CEO Admits Getting Non-Public Info On Rivals 
 Over repeated objections by defense attorneys, federal prosecutors on 
 Monday cross-examined ex-Bumble Bee CEO Chris Lischewski about 
 allegations that he engaged in tuna-industry price fixing, drawing out 
 concessions that he "occasionally received non-public information from 
 competitors and "may have asked his employees to gather it. 
 Memorandum attached I Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 Series 
 Judging A Book: Donald Reviews 'Usual Cruelty' 
 The provocative new book by Alec Karakatsanis, "Usual Cruelty: The 
 Complicity of Lawyers in the Criminal Injustice System," shines a searing light 
 on the anachronism that is the American criminal justice system, says Sixth 
 Circuit Judge Bernice Donald. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 BigLaw Revenue Still On The Rise Through 3rd Quarter 2019 
 The legal industry has continued to have a strong year through the third 
 quarter, according to a report released Monday by the Wells Fargo Private 
 Bank's Legal Specialty Group, although numbers have not reached the peak 
 levels seen in 2018. 
 Read full article » 
 Kavanaugh Interested In Revisiting Executive Power Doctrine 
 Justice Brett Kavanaugh on Monday said he is open to the idea of reviving 
 the so-called nondelegation doctrine in a future case, the latest conservative 
 on the court to suggest support for bringing back separation of powers 
 principles that one liberal justice feared would make "most of government" 
 unconstitutional. 
 Read full article » 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. District Court for the Western 
 District of Missouri 
 U.S. Environmental Protection 
 Agency 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 High Court Won't Hear 'Serial' Subject Syed's New Trial Appeal 
 EFTA00032935
The U.S. Supreme Court decided Monday it won't hear Adnan Syed's appeal 
 challenging his 19-year-old murder conviction, which was profiled in the 
 popular podcast "Serial," leaving intact a controversial 4-3 ruling by 
 Maryland's high court that denied Syed a new trial due to his defense 
 counsel's shortcomings. 
 Read full article » 
 9th Circ. Pick's Views Too Extreme, Liberal Groups Warn 
 After a party-line committee vote last week to advance the nomination of 
 former Nevada Solicitor General Lawrence VanDyke to the Ninth Circuit, 
 liberal groups have urged senators to block his confirmation, saying his 
 record shows an extreme ideological agenda. 
 Read full article » 
 Allen & Overy Matches Milbank On Associate Bonuses 
 Magic Circle firm Allen & Overy is the latest to follow the example set by 
 Milbank LLP, with the firm confirming Monday that it will be awarding bonuses 
 for its associates that are in line with the levels provided at Milbank and 
 several other firms this year. 
 Read full article » 
 LeClairRyan, Joint Venture Settle Worker's Pay Bias Suit 
 Defunct law firm LeClairRyan PLLC and its operational services joint venture 
 with UnitedLex have settled claims that they discriminated against a former 
 marketing employee by paying her less than a male subordinate. 
 Read full article » 
 Interview 
 15 Minutes With Citizens Financial Group's General Counsel 
 Steve Gannon, the top lawyer at Citizens Financial Group, has been 
 representing similar institutions for most of his career. Here, he shares the 
 regulatory changes happening in his industry, the aspects of his company 
 and role that motivate him to work each day, and his priorities as general 
 counsel. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 White Plains boutique seeks associate 
 litigator (3-7 yrs) 
 KLR Davis 
 White Plains, New York 
 Associate - Business Litigation 
 (Wilmington, DE) 
 McCarter & English. LLP 
 Wilmington, Delaware 
 Government Inv & White Collar Litigation 
 Associate 
 McGuireWoods LLP 
 Los Angeles & Chicago. - 
 Midsized White Plains firm seeks 
 municipal government associate 
 KLR Davis 
 White Plains, New York 
 Real Estate Associate • (Newark, NJ Office) 
 McCarter & English, LLP 
 Newark. New Jersey 
 White Collar & Investigations Associate 
 Attorney - Midlevel 
 Perkins Coie LLP 
 Seattle, Washington 
 Not cute if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 llowevei. if you'd rather no receive future °mails of this son. 
 you may unsubsctibe hem. 
 Please IX) NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries. please call +I-646-781-71W or visit our Contact Us page. 
 EFTA00032936
Privacy Policy 
 Law360 I Ponfolio Media, Inc, III West 19th Street, Sth Floor, New York, NY 10011 
 EFTA00032937
From: White Collar Law360 <news-altglaw360.corn> 
 To: 
 Subject: US Bribery Law Can't Clear Korean Official. 9th Circ. Says 
 Date: Tue, 03 Sep 2019 08:34:40 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Law360 White 
 Collar 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Tuesday, September 3, 2019 Follow Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 US Bribery Law Can't Clear Korean Official, 9th Circ. Says 
 The Ninth Circuit upheld a South Korean earthquake researcher's money 
 laundering conviction on Friday, saying the law that prohibits laundering the 
 proceeds of certain foreign crimes imposes no special requirements when it 
 comes to laundering connected to bribes. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 5th Circ. Says Judge's Dual Role On Bail Violates Due Process 
 The Fifth Circuit has ruled that it violates due process for a New Orleans 
 judge to set bail for criminal defendants while also overseeing a fund that a 
 portion of bail bonds goes toward, despite the fact that the fund was not 
 responsible for the judge's own salary. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 Ex -Fitness VP Gets 2 Months For Tipping Go-Private Deal 
 A former Life Time Fitness executive who triggered an insider trading scheme 
 by leaking information about the gym's planned take-private announcement 
 was sentenced Friday to 60 days in prison. 
 Read full article » 
 Scientists Ask Justices To Overturn $10.5M Fraud Conviction 
 Two scientists convicted of fraudulently obtaining $10.5 million in federal 
 government grants have asked the U.S. Supreme Court to review their 
 sentences, saying that their actions did not harm anybody financially. 
 Petition attached I Read full article » 
 Ex -Locke Lord Atty's Crypto Trial Set For November 
 A New York federal judge on Friday set a November trial date for former 
 Locke Lord LLP attorney Mark S. Scott, who is accused of laundering money 
 in connection with a $400 million cryptocurrency scam, delaying the trial for 
 about a month. 
 Read full article » 
 SECURITIES 
 $3B Petrobras Settlement Clears Final Hurdle In 2nd Circ. 
 The Second Circuit on Friday affirmed the approval of Petrobras' $3 billion 
 securities class action settlement related to the Brazilian oil giants massive 
 l e "law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Arnold & Porter 
 BCL Solicitors LLP 
 BakerHostetler 
 Bakke Grinolds 
 Beveridge & Diamond 
 Bird Marella 
 Briggs and Morgan 
 Bryan Cave 
 Burglass & Tankersley 
 Byrne & Partners 
 Cleary Gottlieb 
 Clifford Chance 
 Coleman & Balogh 
 Corker Binning 
 Covington & Burling 
 Davis Polk 
 Davis Wright Tremaine 
 Duane Morris 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 Foundry Chambers 
 Gibson Dunn 
 EFTA00032938
corruption scandal, providing a green light for the year-old deal to move 
 forward. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 Convicted Georgeson Adviser Gets 3rd Trial In Tix Swap Case 
 A former Georgeson LLC adviser convicted of swapping expensive sports 
 and concert tickets for peeks at shareholder voting data won another new 
 trial, her third, when a Massachusetts federal judge ruled Friday that a jury 
 should not have learned about another person pleading guilty to the same 
 alleged scheme. 
 Order attached Read full article » 
 HEALTH 
 Ex -Pharmacy Owner Charged In $5M Fraud Scheme 
 The former owner of a shuttered New Jersey-based specialty pharmacy 
 plotted to defraud the federal government out of $2 million and doled out 
 kickbacks to a doctor in return for prescriptions that racked up another $3 
 million, federal authorities said Friday. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 NATIVE AMERICAN 
 Ex -Chair Of Native Women's Nonprofit Charged With Fraud 
 The ex-chairwoman of a nonprofit that fights domestic and sexual violence 
 against Native American women has been charged in Montana federal court 
 with stealing federal grant money to make nonwork trips to Las Vegas and 
 get paid double for a days work. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 SFO Chief Warns Of Hard Choices In Economic Crime Probes 
 The head of Britain's Serious Fraud Office called on Monday for greater 
 cooperation between international investigators as they tackle economic 
 crime, as she warned law enforcers and attorneys that it is not always 
 possible to gather sufficient evidence to convict individuals suspecting of 
 criminal conduct. 
 Read full article » 
 UK Front For Philippines Crime Ring Forced Into Liquidation 
 A court has placed four companies into liquidation after they were found to be 
 fronting for a boiler room scam that conned overseas investors out of almost 
 $600,000 by fraudulently selling shares in pharmaceutical companies, a 
 government agency announced Monday. 
 Read full article )> 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 3 Compliance Considerations After New DOJ Antitrust Policy 
 For the first time under the U.S. Department of Justice's antitrust criminal 
 enforcement policy, a company that adopts an effective compliance program 
 may completely avoid criminal liability. In light of this, companies are well 
 advised to reevaluate their antitrust compliance programs, say Marc Siegel 
 and Peter Julian of Jones Day. 
 Read full article » 
 New Best Practices Under E-Discovery Spoliation Rule 
 The amended Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 37(e) provides explicit criteria 
 for imposing sanctions when electronically stored information has been lost 
 during discovery, but courts are still not consistently applying the new rule, 
 Goldberg Segalla 
 Gordon & Rees 
 Graves Garrett 
 Hangley Aronchick 
 Jenner & Block 
 Jones Day 
 Kilpatrick Townsend 
 Kingsley Napley 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Latham & Watkins 
 LeClairRyan 
 Linklaters 
 Locke Lord 
 Mayer Brown 
 Milbank LLP 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Morrison & Foerster 
 O'Melveny & Myers 
 Pepper Hamilton 
 Perkins Coie 
 Pomerantz LLP 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Reed Smith 
 Robbins Geller 
 Skadden 
 Taft Stettinius 
 Three Raymond Buildings 
 White & Case 
 Willkie Farr 
 WilmerHale 
 COMPANIES 
 Abeona Therapeutics Inc. 
 American Airlines Group Inc. 
 American Federation of State, 
 County and Municipal Employees 
 American International Group Inc. 
 American Overseas Group Ltd. 
 Bank of America Corp. 
 Boston Celtics 
 Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. 
 Cable News Network Inc. 
 Capital One Financial Corp. 
 Carnival Corp. 
 Chevron Corp. 
 Duke Energy Corp. 
 El Polio Loco Inc. 
 Facebook Inc. 
 GlaxoSmithKline 
 Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 
 Google Inc. 
 EFTA00032939
with some simply ignoring it in favor of inherent authority, say Matthew 
 Hamilton and Donna Fisher at Pepper Hamilton. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 The 2019 Regional Powerhouses 
 The law firms on Law360's list of 2019 Regional Powerhouses are handling 
 some of the biggest deals and most high-profile courtroom battles across 
 eight states, offering clients regional expertise and making a lasting impact 
 on the law at the state and local level. 
 Read full article » 
 Despite Recession Chatter, Lateral Market Sizzles In 2019 
 Lateral law firm recruitment activity rose in the first half of 2019 compared 
 with 2018, with an overall 18% jump over a year ago and increases in the 
 numbers of attorney hires across all tiers, indicating firms remain generally 
 bullish in the face of renewed concerns about a looming recession. 
 Read full article » 
 Feature 
 When Justice Takes A Holiday 
 The word "holiday" in the U.K. usually conjures up images of relaxing off-work 
 time and travel. But in the middle of a long-running court trial, an impending 
 vacation creates pressure for lawyers — and possibly jurors. 
 Read full article » 
 DOL Pick Scalia Earned $6.2M At Gibson Dunn Since 2018 
 Gibson Dunn & Crutcher LLP partner Eugene Scalia, President Donald 
 Trump's nominee to lead the U.S. Labor Department, earned more than $6 
 million working at the corporate law firm since January 2018, according to a 
 fi nancial disclosure form filed Friday. 
 Read full article » 
 Twin Cities Firm To Merge With Taft Stettinius & Hollister 
 The Midwest-based firm Taft Stettinius & Hollister LLP on Friday announced it 
 will be merging with Minneapolis firm Briggs and Morgan, creating a 
 combined firm with 12 offices and more than 600 lawyers. 
 Read full article » 
 Utah Reg Changes Could Allow Nonlawyers To Practice Law 
 Utah's Supreme Court has approved a path forward for regulatory changes 
 that will create new opportunities for accounting firms, legal technology 
 companies and other organizations to offer a wider array of legal services to 
 consumers, according to an announcement by the court. 
 Read full article » 
 8th Circ. Says Dues Collected By ND Bar Are Constitutional 
 The dues collected by North Dakota's bar association do not violate the First 
 Amendment, as the group clearly spells out its payment fees and options for 
 a relatively sophisticated audience of lawyers, the Eighth Circuit determined 
 Friday. 
 Read full article » 
 The Top In-House Hires Of August 
 Legal department hires and promotions during the final full month of summer 
 included high-profile appointments at American Airlines, Duke Energy and 
 Walmart. Here, Law360 looks at these and some of the other top in-house 
 announcements from the past few weeks. 
 Read full article » 
 Johnson & Johnson 
 L'Oreal SA 
 Life Time Fitness Inc. 
 Linkedln Corp. 
 Major Lindsey & Africa 
 Minnesota Twins 
 Minnesota Vikings 
 Motion Picture Association of 
 America 
 Nardello & Co. 
 Novo Nordisk NS 
 PNC Financial Services Group Inc. 
 Petrobras 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers 
 International Ltd. 
 Purdue Pharma LP 
 Retail Industry Leaders Association 
 Inc. 
 Rolls-Royce 
 S&P Global Inc. 
 SAP AG 
 Spotify Technology SA 
 State Bar Association of North 
 Dakota 
 Suntrust Banks Inc. 
 Transamerica Corp. 
 UBS AG 
 Uber Technologies Inc. 
 Wal-Mart Stores Inc. 
 Warner Bros. 
 Washington Nationals 
 Wells Fargo & Co. 
 Young Mayden LLC 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Australian Securities and 
 Investments Commission 
 California Supreme Court 
 Commodity Futures Trading 
 Commission 
 Consumer Financial Protection 
 Bureau 
 Executive Office of the President 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Financial Conduct Authority 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 Serious Fraud Office 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
 Eighth Circuit 
 EFTA00032940
From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Christian Everdell 
 Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
 Date: Wed, 16 Jun 2021 17:46:52 +0000 
 Good afternoon-
 Despite being subjected to the most unique, restrictive, and invasive conditions 
 of pretrial confinement, Ms. Maxwell has and continues to be a compliant detainee. 
 She obeys all orders and commands - often muffled by masks, 
 uttered behind prison doors, and/or combined with the din of background noise -
 as soon as they are audibly discernible. 
 Erratic enforcement of inconsistent rules and regulations imposed by 
 revolving teams of guards who exert varying degrees of officiousness 
 and contempt toward Ms. Maxwell is the fault of the MDC/BOP, 
 not Ms. Maxwell. 
 Regards, 
 Bobbi 
 BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 New York, NY 10011 
 Main: 
 Cell: 
 Fax: 
 "Covid-19 Notice: The office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely. 
 Please use entail or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
 We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation. 
 Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being. 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
 that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
 If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
 If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
 then delete this message. Thank you. 
 On Jun 16, 2021, at 11:25 AM, 
 Hi Bobbi-
 I apologize for the delay in response. I have been out of office sick. 
 > wrote: 
 EFTA00032014
GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week 
 A credit card processor must face the FTC's accusations that the company 
 should pay for its alleged participation in an elaborate scam, and executives 
 at a reverse mortgage provider were charged with overstating the value of 
 bonds that served as collateral for loans. These are some of the stories in 
 corporate legal news you may have missed in the past week. 
 Read full article » 
 In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360 
 For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, stories and 
 expert analyses that generated the most buzz on Law360 last week. 
 Read full article » 
 Podcast 
 Law360's Pro Say: Why Are Cops Photoshopping Mug Shots? 
 When a bank robbery suspect's face tattoos didn't appear in eyewitness 
 descriptions or security camera footage, police edited them out of his mug 
 shot. The incident has sparked outrage from activists, but altered police 
 lineups are surprisingly common. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 White Collar & Investigations Associate 
 Attorney - Midlevel 
 Perkins Coie 
 Denver. Colorado 
 elite lit boutique // mid level assoc 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York. New York 
 Midsized White Plains firm seeks 
 municipal government associate 
 KLR Davis 
 White Plains, New York 
 Attorney - Commercial 
 Litigation/Professional & General Liability 
 (3-6 yrs) 
 Gordon & Rees 
 New York, New York 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth 
 Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth 
 Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
 Second Circuit 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of Labor 
 U.S. Department of the Treasury 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Massachusetts 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 New Jersey 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of Illinois 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. Office of Government Ethics 
 U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 United States District Court for the 
 District of Montana 
 Not cute if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd gather not receive future entails of this sort. 
 you may unsubsctilie here. 
 Please IX) NOT !clay to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call + I -646-783-7ICO or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy. 
 Law360. Pottfolio Media. Inc. 111 West 19th Street. 5th Floor. New Yogi. NY HMI I 
 EFTA00032941
From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To:
 Subject: Calls For Probes Intensify After Roger Stone Sentence Fracas 
 Date: Thu, 13 Feb 2020 08:39:30 +0000 
 Is aw360 White 
 Collar 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Thursday, February 13, 2020 Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Analysis 
 Calls For Probes Intensify After Roger Stone Sentence Fracas 
 The U.S. Department of Justice's about-face in the Roger Stone case has 
 fueled calls for investigations into the Trump administration's potential 
 interference into cases against the president's friends, but political and legal 
 obstacles may stand in the way. 
 Read full article » 
 Judge Rejects Roger Stone's Bid For A New Trial 
 A D.C. federal judge tossed Roger Stone's request for a new trial based on 
 claims that a biased government employee sat on the jury panel, which found 
 him guilty on seven felony charges including lying to Congress about 
 WikiLeaks, according to a court filing unsealed Wednesday. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 Ex-Theranos CEO Escapes Charges She Defrauded Doctors 
 A California federal judge has cut criminal charges alleging former Theranos 
 CEO Elizabeth Holmes and another executive defrauded doctors and insured 
 patients about the viability of the once high-flying startup's blood-testing 
 technology, but left intact most of the indictment, rejecting defense arguments 
 that it is "unconstitutionally vague." 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 Boies Denies He Defamed Dershowitz With Epstein Remarks 
 Prominent litigator David Boies hit back Wednesday against defamation 
 counterclaims by embattled attorney Alan Dershowitz, saying statements he 
 made about Dershowitz's alleged connection to notorious sex offender 
 Jeffrey Epstein were true and protected by the First Amendment. 
 1 document attached I Read full article >> 
 Boston City Hall Aides Get Extortion Conviction Tossed 
 Two former aides to Boston Mayor Marty Walsh saw their Hobbs Act extortion 
 convictions thrown out Wednesday, as a federal judge said the government 
 failed to show a clear quid pro quo or "wrongful conduct" for the pair 
 pressuring a music festival to hire union labor. 
 Order attached I Read full article >> 
 Air Charter Co. Execs Can't Slip Fraud Convictions At 3rd Circ. 
 The Third Circuit has upheld two charter airline executives' convictions for 
 stealing millions in passenger payments by lying and falsifying documents, 
 ;72,Law360 Practice Groups of the 
 Year 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Aidala Bertuna 
 Akerman LLP 
 Alston & Bird 
 Arent Fox 
 Arnold & Porter 
 BakerHostetler 
 Bass Berry 
 Berger Montague 
 Bird & Bird 
 Boles Schiller 
 Bradley Arant 
 Brinks Gilson & Lione 
 Brown & Connery 
 Bruce S. Rogow PA 
 Buschel & Gibbons 
 Carlton Fields 
 Collier Halpem 
 Cosgrove Eisenberg 
 Davis Polk 
 Dentons 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Goldman Scarlato 
 Goodwin 
 EFTA00032942
saying Wednesday that documents found after trial — previously thought 
 destroyed — would not have changed the outcome. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 INVESTIGATIONS 
 Harvard, Yale Probed Over Unreported Foreign Funds 
 The U.S. Department of Education has launched investigations into 
 potentially hundreds of millions of dollars in unreported foreign gifts and 
 contracts accepted by Yale and Harvard universities in recent years, the 
 department announced Wednesday. 
 Read full article » 
 SECURITIES 
 FTC Targeted Sanctuary Belize To Punish Founder, Judge Told 
 A Federal Trade Commission suit targeting the operators of purported luxury 
 development Sanctuary Belize was sparked by a personal vendetta against 
 the project's mastermind — and not legitimate consumer concerns — one of 
 the executives told a Maryland federal court Wednesday on the last day of 
 trial. 
 Read full article » 
 PNC Abetted $75M 'Ponzi-Like' Scheme, Investment Cos. Say 
 Two investment companies and a Pennsylvania man on Wednesday hit PNC 
 Bank and Heartland Bank & Trust with a proposed class action accusing the 
 banks of aiding and abetting a $75 million Ponzi scheme in which an Illinois 
 man allegedly took money from more than 500 investors. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 Fund Says Fugitive Ex-Nissan Exec Must Face Securities Suit 
 If Nissan Motor Co.'s ex-chairman wanted a federal judge to buy his 
 argument that he can't face a securities fraud suit in Tennessee due to an 
 upcoming trial in Japan, he shouldn't have fled that country in a suitcase, a 
 pension fund argued Wednesday. 
 Response attached Read full article » 
 Glencore Seeks To Dismiss Stock-Drop Suit Over FCPA Probe 
 Mining giant Glencore PLC told a New Jersey federal judge that his court's 
 lack of personal jurisdiction was among the many faults that required 
 dismissal of a stock-drop suit connected to announcements that the Swiss 
 company's overseas dealings were being investigated. 
 Brief attached Read full article » 
 SEC Sues California Investment Firm Over $1.1M In Side Deals 
 The SEC slapped a California investment firm and its directors with a 
 securities suit Wednesday, alleging they failed "to disclose a glaring conflict 
 of their financial interests" when they advised their clients to invest over $16 
 million in private placement funds and then pocketed over $1.1 million in side 
 deals. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 Silk Road Dealer Busted In $19M Bitcoin Haul Gets 31/2 Years 
 A Manhattan federal judge sentenced a 61-year-old Ohio businessman who 
 sold oxycodone on the Silk Road online drug bazaar to 3% years in prison 
 Wednesday after the feds caught him lying about where he had gotten 
 bitcoins that had surged in value to $19 million. 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Holland & Hart 
 Holwell Shuster 
 Husch Blackwell 
 Kellogg Hansen 
 King & Spalding 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Lane Powell 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Levi & Korsinsky 
 Linklaters 
 Lowenstein Sandler 
 Mayer Brown 
 McDermott Will 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Morrison & Foerster 
 Munger Tolles 
 O'Melveny & Myers 
 Olshan Frome Wolosky 
 Orrick 
 Paul Weiss 
 Polsinelli 
 Riley Warnock 
 Robbins Geller 
 Searby LLP 
 Sheppard Mullin 
 Sullivan & Cromwell 
 Troutman Sanders 
 White and Williams 
 Williams & Connolly 
 WilmerHale 
 Winston & Strawn 
 Womble Bond Dickinson 
 COMPANIES 
 Alaska Oil and Gas Association 
 American Bar Association 
 Center for American Progress 
 Chevron Corp. 
 Coinbase Inc. 
 Consolidated Edison Inc. 
 Federalist Society 
 Fordham University 
 Glencore Xstrata PLC 
 Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 
 Heartland Bank & Trust Co. 
 International Brotherhood of 
 Teamsters 
 K2 Intelligence LLC 
 L Brands Inc. 
 EFTA00032943
Read full article » 
 HEALTH 
 Texas Doc Fights Claim Of $69M In Unneeded Treatments 
 Attorneys representing a Houston-area doctor accused of seeking more than 
 $69 million in reimbursements for medically unnecessary lead poisoning 
 treatments tried to show through testimony on Wednesday that a difference 
 in professional opinions on treatment options does not equate to fraud. 
 Read full article » 
 TAX 
 Export Business Owner Gets 3 Years For Concealing Income 
 A California businessman will spend the next three years in federal prison for 
 concealing his income from the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of 
 Justice has announced. 
 Read full article » 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 Texas Man Sentenced To 16 Months For Trade Secret Theft 
 A Texas man will serve 16 months in prison and will forfeit more than 
 $342,000 following his conviction for conspiring to steal trade secrets, U.S. 
 Department of Justice officials said Tuesday. 
 Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 Effective AML, Anti-Bribery Programs Hinge On Collaboration 
 Amid increasing risk exposure from financial services companies' partners, 
 clients and affiliates, opportunities exist to leverage processes across firms' 
 anti -money laundering and anti-bribery and corruption programs, says 
 Michelle Goodsir at K2 Intelligence. 
 Read full article » 
 SEC Exam Priorities Highlight Flexible, Holistic Compliance 
 The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's recently released exam 
 priorities encourage firms to emphasize investor protection and consider 
 compliance in light of evolving business and market demands, say attorneys 
 at Lowenstein Sandler. 
 1 document attached Read full article 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Q&A 
 Microsoft Atty Looks To A Legal Future Saved 
 From Drudgery 
 Microsoft assistant general counsel Jason Barnwell gives his take 
 on whether tech will replace lawyers, the challenges of getting them 
 on board with innovation and what the practice of law will look like 
 for his team's youngest members when they take the helm. 
 Read full article » 
 Feature 
 What Law Firm Leaders Say You Should Know 
 For The Future 
 Linkedln Corp. 
 London Stock Exchange Group 
 PLC 
 Microsoft Corp. 
 Mitsubishi Motors Corp. 
 National Association for the 
 Advancement of Colored People 
 New York University 
 Nissan Motor Co. Ltd. 
 Novartis AG 
 PNC Financial Services Group Inc. 
 Temple University 
 The Madison Square Garden Co. 
 Trelleborg AB 
 Wal-Mart Stores Inc. 
 Walgreens Co. 
 Yale University 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Commodity Futures Trading 
 Commission 
 Executive Office of the President 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Internal Revenue Service 
 Judicial Conference of the United 
 States 
 National Institutes of Health 
 Occupational Safety and Health 
 Administration 
 Ontario Securities Commission 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 Serious Fraud Office 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third 
 Circuit 
 U.S. Department of Defense 
 U.S. Department of Education 
 U.S. Department of Health and 
 Human Services 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of Transportation 
 U.S. Department of the Interior 
 U.S. District Court for the Central 
 District of California 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Maryland 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Massachusetts 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 New Jersey 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of New York 
 EFTA00032944
Here, in front of the camera, law firm leaders talk about how to 
 prepare for a future where technology and a new generation of 
 talent and competitors will change the way attorneys work. 
 Read full article » 
 Novartis Taps Firms Ready To Pony Up On Diversity — Or Else 
 Novartis AG on Wednesday said it has chosen nearly two dozen preferred 
 law firms that have agreed to diverse staffing requirements for each legal 
 matter, with the understanding that the pharmaceutical giant will deny a 
 portion of payment for failing to hit the goals. 
 Read full article » 
 White And Male: Federal Bench Still Struggling With Diversity 
 White men still dominate the bench in U.S. federal courts, and that lack of 
 diversity could lead litigants to question the federal judiciary's legitimacy, 
 according to a new study released Thursday, which found that more than a 
 third of all federal district courts did not have even one nonwhite judge. 
 Read full article » 
 Garland Succeeded By Srinivasan As DC Circ. Chief Judge 
 Merrick Garland was replaced by Sri Srinivasan on Wednesday as chief 
 judge of the powerful D.C. Circuit after completing a seven-year term marked 
 by widely praised transparency initiatives, a crippling government shutdown 
 and, of course, an unsuccessful nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court. 
 Read full article » 
 Judge Weinstein Steps Back From Bench After 53 Years 
 U.S. District Judge Jack Weinstein, a nonagenarian who worked on the 
 landmark Brown v. Board of Education case and has sat on the Eastern 
 District of New York bench since 1967, is effectively retiring, his law clerk 
 confirmed Wednesday. 
 Read full article » 
 Gibson Dunn Partner Among Picks For NY Federal Bench 
 The White House on Wednesday said it would nominate a Gibson Dunn & 
 Crutcher LLP litigation partner to the federal trial court in Manhattan and a 
 New York-based U.S. Department of Justice official to the one in Brooklyn. 
 Read full article » 
 BakerHostetler, Bradley Arant Partners On Track For Bench 
 Two BigLaw partners and two other judicial nominees sailed through a 
 perfunctory Senate confirmation hearing on Wednesday with just four 
 senators questioning President Donald Trump's picks for district courts in 
 Texas, Florida and Alabama and the Court of Federal Claims. 
 Read full article » 
 Husch Blackwell Vet, Pirro Pick Among 4 New District Judges 
 The Senate on Wednesday approved four nominees to district courts in New 
 York, Illinois, Missouri and Alaska, confirming a Husch Blackwell partner, a 
 New Yorker recommended by Fox News host Jeanine Pirro, a Winston & 
 Strawn alum and a Trump administration lawyer. 
 Read full article » 
 Trump's Alaska Trial Court Pick Worth $761K 
 President Donald Trump's just-confirmed pick for a federal trial court seat in 
 Alaska, a regional solicitor for the U.S. government and former counsel to the 
 state's oil and gas lobby, is worth close to $761,000, according to his financial 
 disclosures to Congress. 
 Read full article » 
 U.S. District Court for 
 District of California 
 U.S. District Court for 
 District of Illinois 
 U.S. District Court for 
 District of New York 
 U.S. Marine Corps 
 U.S. Navy 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 the Northern 
 the Northern 
 the Southern 
 EFTA00032945
Law Firm Leaders: Akerman's Scott Meyers 
 Scott A. Meyers took on the chairman and CEO role at Akerman on Feb. 3, 
 following up two years serving as the law firm's managing partner. Here, 
 Meyers discusses why he thinks Akerman is "less bureaucratic' than the 
 typical BigLaw firm, his goals for the firm's future, and how he approaches 
 hiring lawyers that are a good cultural fit. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Labor & Employment Associate 
 Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein & Breitstone. LLP 
 Mineola, New York 
 Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive future emails of this son. 
 you may unsubsctibe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries. please call +I-646-78141M or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360 I Ponfolio Media. Inc, Ill West 19th Street. Sth Floor, New York, NY [ball 
 EFTA00032946
From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To: 
 Subject: Ex-Braskem Exec Granted S30M Bail In Bribery Case 
 Date: Fri, 13 Dec 2019 09:13:45 +0000 
 ;law360 White 
 Collar 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Friday, December 13, 2019 Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Ex-Braskem Exec Granted $30M Bail In Bribery Case 
 The former CEO of Brazilian oil company Braskem satisfied a reluctant 
 magistrate judge on Thursday that cash and investments worth about $30 
 million, or around half his wealth, will be enough to ensure he appears in 
 Brooklyn to face charges of conspiring to bribe officials in his home country. 
 Read full article » 
 House Panel Subpoena For Trump Docs Invalid, Justices Told 
 A House committees subpoena for President Donald Trump's financial 
 records should be invalidated because the request was made outside 
 Congress' authority and poses constitutional concerns that warrant review by 
 the U.S. Supreme Court, Trump's attorneys told the court Thursday. 
 Brief attached I Read full article )› 
 HP Accuses Autonomy CEO Of Repeated Lies At Trial 
 Autonomy founder Mike Lynch repeatedly lied in his retelling of events 
 leading up to Hewlett-Packard's ill-fated acquisition of his software firm, HP's 
 lawyer told a London judge as the trial over the technology giant's $5 billion 
 fraud claim wound down Thursday. 
 Read full article » 
 10 Former NFL Players Charged In Medical Benefits Fraud 
 Ten former NFL players including ex-Washington Redskins running back 
 Clinton Fortis have been indicted in Kentucky federal court on charges they 
 defrauded an NFL health plan out of more than $3.4 million. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 Feds Say 'Varsity Blues' Dad Isn't Being Denied Evidence 
 A former casino executive has all he needs to defend himself against charges 
 he bribed his daughter's way into college, federal prosecutors said 
 Wednesday as they pushed back against a claim that they are withholding 
 FBI reports that could help show his innocence in the "Varsity Blues" case. 
 document attached I Read full article » 
 MVP: Kaplan Hecker's Sean Hecker 
 Kaplan Hecker & Fink LLP's Sean Hecker earned a rare acquittal of market 
 manipulation allegations against a Barclays trader, and he's helped build a 
 robust white collar practice at his emerging boutique firm, earning him a spot 
 as one of Law360's 2019 White Collar MVPs. 
 Read full article » 
 ,Law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 4 Stone Buildings 
 BakerHostetler 
 Black Srebnick 
 Blackstone Chambers 
 Blank Rome 
 Boies Schiller 
 Buckley King 
 Campbell & Williams 
 Clarence Dyer 
 Clifford Chance 
 Consovoy McCarthy 
 Davenport Evans 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 Essex Court Chambers 
 Foley & Lardner 
 Fountain Court Chambers 
 Freeman Mathis 
 Hirsch & Westheimer 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth 
 Irell & Manella 
 Jackson Lewis 
 Jenner & Block 
 John H. Haskin & Associates 
 EFTA00032947
SECURITIES 
 Shopin CEO Cops To $42.5M Fraudulent Crypto Offering 
 The CEO of online retail platform Shopin pled guilty to securities fraud for a 
 cryptocurrency scheme in which he lied to investors about the company and 
 held a $42.5 million unregistered initial coin offering, the New York attorney 
 general's office announced Thursday. 
 Read full article » 
 Rabobank Sues Ex-Trader For Exit Package Over Libor Fight 
 Rabobank has demanded that a former trader repay a £119,000 ($157,000) 
 exit package that he allegedly violated by suing the Dutch lender for not 
 coming to his defense when U.S. prosecutors charged him with rigging a key 
 benchmark interest rate. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL ETHICS 
 Exonerated Texas Judge Fights For Spot On 2020 Ballot 
 A former Texas state judge who was exonerated of bribery and money 
 laundering convictions in 2017 is looking to the state's highest court for help 
 to get on the March 2020 primary ballot. 
 Petition attached I Read full article » 
 Ex -Court Worker Gets 2 Years For Lying In Pay-To-Play Probe 
 An Illinois federal judge on Thursday gave a former associate clerk with the 
 Cook County Circuit Court two years in prison for lying to a grand jury, saying 
 if people believe they are above the rule of law, "the entire foundation of our 
 democracy grinds to a halt." 
 Read full article » 
 HEALTH 
 Judge Urges Gov't, Esformes To Work Out Atty Fee Deal 
 A Florida federal judge on Thursday urged prosecutors and attorneys for 
 convicted nursing home mogul Philip Esformes to work together on an 
 agreement to unfreeze certain assets to cover millions in unpaid legal bills 
 from Esformes' trial to avoid a complicated legal battle over what fee amount 
 is reasonable. 
 Read full article » 
 GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS 
 Biz Manager Gets 21/2 Years Over $2.2M DOD Parts Scam 
 A California man was sentenced to 2% years in federal prison for his part in a 
 scheme to sell the U.S. Department of Defense $2.2 million worth of 
 defective parts for military weapons systems, the U.S. District Attorneys 
 Office for the Southern District of Ohio announced Thursday. 
 Read full article » 
 TAX 
 Businessmen Can't Quash Citi Subpoena In Tax Privacy Case 
 Two Texas businessmen cannot quash a government subpoena seeking 
 clarification on whether Citibank possessed their tax information because it 
 may shed light on their suit alleging the information was unlawfully disclosed 
 by the IRS, a South Dakota federal court ruled. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 Kaplan Hecker 
 Kerr Russell 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Krieger Kim & Lewin 
 Latham & Watkins 
 LeClairRyan 
 Lewis Brisbois 
 Michael Best 
 Michelmores LLP 
 Milbank LLP 
 Modus Law 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Nixon Peabody 
 O'Melveny & Myers 
 Paul Weiss 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Robbins Russell 
 Robinson Curley 
 Scott H. Palmer PC 
 Simmons & Simmons 
 Tache Bronis 
 Travers Smith 
 Welsh & Recker 
 Williams & Connolly 
 Willkie Farr 
 Wright Close 
 COMPANIES 
 American Federation of State, 
 County and Municipal Employees 
 Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. 
 Braskem SA 
 CRST International Inc. 
 Cigna Corp. 
 Citigroup Inc. 
 Credit Suisse Group AG 
 Deutsche Bank AG 
 Ethereum GmbH 
 Exxon Mobil Corp. 
 Google Inc. 
 Greyhound Lines Inc. 
 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. 
 Industria de Diseno Textil SA 
 Ironshore Inc. 
 MGM Resorts International 
 Mazars USA LLP 
 NantKwest Inc. 
 National Football League Players 
 Association 
 Pac-12 Enterprises LLC 
 Petrobras 
 EFTA00032948
SPORTS & BETTING 
 NFL Players Union Accused Of Harassing Agent 
 An NFL player agent is suing the NFL Players Association for $2.8 million, 
 claiming he's lost all his clients and future prospects after the association 
 harassed him and wined his reputation over criminal charges that were 
 dismissed. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 CONSUMER PROTECTION 
 Pa. AG, Temple Reach Deal On Online MBA Rating Inflation 
 Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro announced on Thursday that 
 Philadelphia -based Temple University had signed a deal to resolve claims the 
 university's business school knowingly used false data to boost the rankings 
 of its online MBA program. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Boies Schiller Names New Generation Of Leaders 
 Legal powerhouse Boies Schiller Flexner LLP has put forward two partners to 
 potentially take over the firm from its founders, including famous litigator 
 David Boies, the firm confirmed on Thursday. 
 Read full article » 
 Tesla's 3rd General Counsel In A Year Leaves Automaker 
 In yet another general counsel shakeup this year, Tesla Inc.'s top lawyer and 
 a longtime insider has left the electric automaker after just 10 months in the 
 role, moving on to lead the legal team at an artificial intelligence company, 
 the startup announced Thursday. 
 Read full article » 
 Latham & Watkins Launches Free Onsite Health Clinic 
 Latham & Watkins LLP has opened an onsite clinic at its downtown Los 
 Angeles office, which offers both physical and mental health care options for 
 free to employees, the firm announced on Thursday. 
 Read full article » 
 3 Tips For Women Who Want To Argue At The Supreme Court 
 Women should think outside the billable-hour box and assert themselves 
 more to land opportunities to argue before the U.S. Supreme Court, 
 according to members of a panel who discussed the issue Thursday in 
 Chicago. 
 Read full article » 
 Hotelier Seeks $28M Deal Outside LeClairRyan's Ch. 7 
 A Virginia hotel operator and former LeClairRyan PLLC client wants out of the 
 automatic stay in the defunct firm's bankruptcy proceedings so it can go after 
 LeClairRyan for S28 million and resolve a malpractice suit lodged before the 
 bankruptcy, according to a motion filed Thursday. 
 Read full article » 
 Wis. Bar Dodges 1st Amendment Fight Over Mandatory Dues 
 A Wisconsin federal judge has tossed a lawsuit by two lawyers who objected 
 to paying dues to the state's bar association, the latest case where attorneys 
 are challenging the requirement on First Amendment grounds. 
 Read full article » 
 Protect Democracy Project Inc. 
 Rabobank 
 Rolls-Royce 
 State Bar of California 
 State Bar of Wisconsin 
 Systemax Inc. 
 Temple University 
 Tesla Inc. 
 The Princeton Review Inc. 
 Vinmar International Ltd. 
 Washington Redskins 
 Wells Fargo & Co. 
 Wynn Resorts Ltd. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 Commission 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Financial Conduct Authority 
 Illinois Attorney General's Office 
 Internal Revenue Service 
 National Transportation Safety 
 Board 
 New York Attorney General's Office 
 Pennsylvania Attorney General's 
 Office 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 Texas Supreme Court 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the 
 Eastern District of Virginia 
 U.S. Department of Defense 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Massachusetts 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of Kentucky 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of Michigan 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of Illinois 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of Florida 
 U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 United States District Court for the 
 District of South Dakota 
 United States District Court for the 
 Southern District of Ohio 
 United States District Court for the 
 Western District of Wisconsin 
 EFTA00032949
Law360's Weekly Verdict: Legal Lions & Lambs 
 Paul Weiss locked down a spot on the legal lions list this week with a 
 favorable decision for ExxonMobil in a landmark climate change-related 
 investor fraud case, while a $20 million verdict against Greyhound landed 
 Lewis Brisbois on the week's legal lambs list. 
 Read full article » 
 Podcast 
 Law360's The Term: The Gov't May Owe ACA Insurers Billions 
 On this week's episode of Law360's The Term, the team dives into the high 
 court's latest Affordable Care Act case: a $12 billion fight between the 
 government and health insurers. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Trademark Lawyer • Toronto 
 Smart & Biggar 
 Toronto. - 
 White Collar & Investigations Associate 
 Attorney - Midlevel 
 Perkins Coie LLP 
 Seattle. Washington 
 Midsized White Plains firm seeks 
 municipal government associate 
 KLR Davis 
 White Plains, New York 
 Real Estate Associate - (Newark, NJ Office) 
 McCarter & English. LLP 
 Newark. New Jersey 
 White Plains boutique seeks associate 
 litigator (3-7 yrs) 
 KLR Davis 
 White Plains. New York 
 Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive future emails of this soil 
 you may unsubsctibe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +I-696-781.7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Ptivacy Policy 
 Law3601 Portfolio Media, Inc. I l l West ISM Street. Sth Floor. New York. NY [Dalt 
 EFTA00032950
We are looking into the concerns you have brought to our attention 
 regarding the VTC units. All of the VTC units throughout the 
 institution are now being stored in this manner as it is a protective 
 barrier for the equipment. With that said, we will be doing test runs 
 to investigate concerns you have mentioned. 
 Furthermore, Ms. Maxwell must oblige by the orders of the Officers. We 
 offer Ms. Maxwell medical care on a daily basis, which she has 
 declined. 
 Additionally, can you please provide me with a photo of the ear buds 
 you are requesting to bring into the institution? 
 Best, 
 BOBBI C STERNHEIM > 6/16/2021 10:23 AM >» 
 Good morning-
 As reported yesterday, the modifications made in the VTC room 
 are negatively impacting attorney-client communication. 
 The video is blurry; the audio includes distorting noises. 
 I am requesting that these problems be remedied immediately. 
 Also, I am bringing to your attention the inappropriate behavior of the 
 guards presently on Ms. Maxwell's detail: threatening discipline if 
 Ms. Maxwell is "off camera" while leaning against a wall to soothe her 
 aching 
 back; barking orders regarding the noise emanating from the washing 
 machine 
 and the pace of her gait when walking; laughing amongst themselves as 
 if any of this is funny. 
 The manner in which some of the guards responded to me on Sunday gives 
 me reason to be concerned 
 about how they treat Ms. Maxwell when out of public view. 
 The courtesy of a response is requested. 
 Thank you-
 Bobbi 
 BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 New York, NY 10011 
 Main: 
 Cell: 
 Fax: 
 EFTA00032015
From: White Collar Law360 <news@law360.com> 
 To: < 
 Subject: Roger Stone's Fine, Supervision Term Also Lifted By Trump 
 Date: "Cue, 14 Jul 2020 08:00:08 +0000 
 , ,,l_aw360 White 
 Collar 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Tuesday, July 14, 2020 Gtfollow Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Roger Stone's Fine, Supervision Term Also Lifted By Trump 
 The details of Republican political operative Roger Stone's commutation 
 came to light Monday, showing that President Donald Trump wiped out 
 Stone's supervised release and fine along with his prison sentence. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 Berman Resists Talking Motives For Ouster In New Transcript 
 Former Manhattan U.S. Attorney Geoffrey Berman resisted attempts by 
 members of the House Judiciary Committee to get him to speculate on the 
 possible reasons for his controversial ouster last month, according to a 
 transcript of last week's closed-door congressional hearing made public on 
 Monday. 
 Transcript attached l Read full article » 
 Have Too Many Cases? Judge Leon Doesn't Want To Hear It 
 A government attorney wanted U.S. District Judge Richard J. Leon to 
 consider deadlines she faces in other cases before he issues a scheduling 
 order in a suit over a sex trafficking law, but the D.C. federal judge offered no 
 sympathy Monday, firing back that the administration has the staff to help her 
 meet the deadlines. 
 Read full article » 
 Weinstein Atty Defends Press Tactics That Sparked Gag Order 
 Harvey Weinstein lawyer Donna Rotunno said Monday she had no choice but 
 to take her advocacy to the press during his sex assault trial, even though the 
 practice eventually prompted a judge to enter a gag order against her team 
 during jury deliberations. 
 Read full article » 
 Weinstein Accusers Call $19M Class Deal 'A Cruel Hoax' 
 Several of Harvey Weinstein's accusers have lodged their opposition to the 
 proposed $18.9 million settlement the Hollywood producer and convicted 
 rapist reached to end a putative class action in New York alleging he sexually 
 abused dozens of women, on Monday calling the deal "a cruel hoax" that 
 would benefit Weinstein more than his accusers. 
 3 documents attached I Read full article » 
 DOJ Shuts Down Websites Shilling 'False' COVID-19 Vaccines 
 A Kentucky federal judge on Monday ordered the shutdown of a series 
 of related websites and a Facebook page offering preregistration for a 
 ; t 2,Law360 Practice Groups of the 
 Year 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Bleichmar Fonti 
 Boies Schiller 
 Brannock & Humphries 
 Buckley LLP 
 Crowell & Moring 
 Davis Wright Tremaine 
 Dressman Benzinger 
 Duane Morris 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 FeganScott 
 Fenwick & West 
 Foley & Lardner 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Goodwin 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Hagens Berman 
 Hill Ward Henderson 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Hutchinson Black 
 Jackson Lewis 
 Keller Rohrback 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Kupferstein Manuel 
 EFTA00032951
nonexistent COVID-19 vaccine in exchange for $100 worth of bitcoin after the 
 Louisville man prosecutors claim is behind the scam agreed to a preliminary 
 injunction. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 SUPREME COURT REVIEW 
 Feature 
 The Sharpest Dissents From The Supreme Court 
 Term 
 The majority of this term's dissents came from the court's right-
 leaning justices, and many of their sharpest critiques stemmed from 
 suits over Trump administration policies. Here, Law360 looks at 
 some of the fieriest. 
 Read full article » 
 Feature 
 The Chattiest Justice Of The Term Is ... 
 One justice again stood out as the chattiest member of the 
 Supreme Court this term. But that jurist's talk was tempered when 
 the coronavirus pandemic forced the court to close its doors and 
 conduct remote oral arguments, which were livestreamed for the 
 first time in history. 
 Read full article » 
 Feature 
 The Funniest Moments Of The Supreme Court's 
 Term 
 Justice Stephen Breyer conjured up a baffling hypothetical involving 
 a Roman emperor, Chief Justice John Roberts stepped up his 
 game on popular slang, and a toilet flushed loudly as a Latham & 
 Watkins lawyer discussed constitutional rights. Here, Law360 
 highlights the most mirthful moments from this past term's U.S. 
 Supreme Court arguments. 
 Read full article » 
 PUBLIC INTEGRITY 
 NY Police Union Boss Charged With Defrauding Annuity Fund 
 Manhattan federal prosecutors on Monday accused the head of a New York 
 City law enforcement union of defrauding members by raiding the union's 
 retirement fund. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL ETHICS 
 Panama Papers Attys Fight Netflix Bid To Nix Defamation Suit 
 The attorneys whose now-defunct firm Mossack Fonseca was involved in the 
 Panama Papers scandal asked a California federal judge to reject Netflix's 
 bid for dismissal of a suit alleging its movie "The Laundromat" was 
 defamatory. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 HEALTH 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Lewis Brisbois 
 Marie A. Mattox PA 
 McDermott Will 
 Morris Nichols 
 O'Melveny & Myers 
 Paul Hastings 
 Potter Anderson 
 Pryor Cashman 
 Rheingold Giuffra 
 Scott & Corley 
 Seward & Kissel 
 Seyfarth Shaw 
 Todd & Weld 
 Whistleblower Law Collaborative 
 Wigdor LLP 
 WilmerHale 
 COMPANIES 
 American Bar Association 
 Associated Press 
 Booking.com BV 
 Boston University 
 Cable -Satellite Public Affairs 
 Network 
 Chevron Corp. 
 Deloitte Touche 
 Electronic Frontier Foundation 
 Ernst & Young LLP 
 Facebook Inc. 
 Fossil Group Inc. 
 HCP Inc. 
 Institute for Justice 
 Integreon Managed Solutions Inc. 
 KPMG International 
 Law Enforcement Employees 
 Benevolent Association 
 Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. 
 LexisNexis Group 
 Linkedln Corp. 
 Morgan Stanley 
 NantKwest Inc. 
 Netflix Inc. 
 New York City Bar Association 
 Novartis AG 
 Outokumpu 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers 
 International Ltd. 
 Questcor Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 RELX PLC 
 Spartan Race Inc. 
 Thomson Reuters Corp. 
 EFTA00032952
6th Circ. Won't Overturn Pill Mill Operator's Conviction 
 The Sixth Circuit on Friday upheld the conviction of a Michigan man for 
 running an opioid pill mill, saying a jury instruction did not wrongly lead jurors 
 to think that the standard required by "reasonable doubt" was lower than it 
 actually is. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 Mallinckrodt Aims To Nix Medicaid FCA Suit Over Acthar Gel 
 The government is wrongly conflating fraud with a regulatory disagreement, 
 Mallinckrodt ARD LLC told a Massachusetts federal court Monday, urging a 
 judge to toss False Claims Act claims centering on its pricey H.P. Acthar Gel 
 drug, which treats infantile spasms and other conditions. 
 Memorandum attached I Read full article
 SPORTS & BETTING 
 California Couple Cops To 'Varsity Blues' Charges 
 A California couple will plead guilty to charges in the "Varsity Blues" college 
 admissions scandal, becoming the 27th and 28th parents to admit their guilt 
 in the high-profile case in a pair of plea agreements filed late Friday. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 5 Compliance Lessons From Novartis' FCPA Settlement 
 Novartis' parallel settlements with the U.S. Department of Justice and U.S. 
 Securities and Exchange Commission to resolve criminal Foreign Corrupt 
 Practices Act allegations emphasize risk points for life sciences companies, 
 especially for repeat offenders, say attorneys at Paul Hastings. 
 Read full article » 
 Opinion 
 Criminal Contempt Charges In Donziger Case Are Excessive 
 We are deeply troubled by many aspects of a New York federal judge's 
 criminal contempt case against human rights attorney Steven Donziger, 
 including extraordinary and unfair pretrial home confinement, say retired U.S. 
 District Judges Nancy Gertner and Mark Bennett. 
 Read full article » 
 Alleged ICO Fraud Highlights Compliance Considerations 
 Parallel U.S. Department of Justice and U.S. Securities and Exchange 
 Commission fraud charges connected with NAC Foundation's digital currency 
 offering draw attention to the use of undercover agents in financial crime 
 investigations, the risk of retaining questionable service providers, and 
 heightened securities law scrutiny in the space, says Casey O'Neill at 
 Fenwick. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 Associates Can Prioritize Biz Development Despite Pandemic 
 Although many traditional business development activities are on hold due to 
 the COVID-19 pandemic, associates should seize the unique opportunities of 
 this time to cultivate business by strengthening their personal and 
 professional relationships, and developing new ones, says Jeremy Schneider 
 at Jackson Lewis. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Twitter Inc. 
 University of Southern California 
 Washington Post Co. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Centers for Medicare & Medicaid 
 Services 
 Commodity Futures Trading 
 Commission 
 Federal Communications 
 Commission 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Food and Drug Administration 
 Internal Revenue Service 
 New York Attorney General's Office 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth 
 Circuit 
 U.S. Department of Homeland 
 Security 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. District Court for the Central 
 District of California 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Massachusetts 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of California 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. District Court for the Western 
 District of Kentucky 
 U.S. House of Representatives 
 U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 
 U.S. Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 U.S. Senate 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 EFTA00032953
Deloitte Expands Legal Business Services Unit To US 
 Deloitte is stepping up its alternative legal business service offerings in the 
 U.S. with the launch of a new practice that will offer legal management 
 consulting and technology services to companies, the Big Four accounting 
 fi rm announced Monday. 
 Read full article » 
 Many In Atty Ranks Down About The Future Of Their Industry 
 Less than half of attorneys and legal industry professionals feel positive 
 about the future of the industry, according to a new survey by mentoring 
 organization MOSAIC Collective, with the biggest concerns being technology, 
 economic uncertainty and the industry's ability to adapt to change. 
 Read full article » 
 Facebook Vies To Keep Gibson Dunn Probe Out Of Discovery 
 Facebook urged a California federal magistrate judge Monday to reject efforts 
 by users suing over the Cambridge Analytica scandal to review a Gibson 
 Dunn -led investigation, saying the law firm's look into possible misbehavior 
 by some Facebook developers is largely protected by attorney-client 
 privilege. 
 Read full article » 
 Boies Schiller Adds Bankruptcy Attys In NY, London 
 Boies Schiller Flexner LLP has added the former head of derivatives 
 bankruptcy strategy at Lehman Brothers Holdings and the former executive 
 director of distressed special situations at Nomura International PLC to its 
 New York and London offices, respectively, the firm announced Monday. 
 Read full article » 
 Foley & Lardner Can Foreclose On $29M Condo Loan 
 Foley & Lardner has standing to foreclose on a $29 million loan for a 
 condominium development, a Florida appeals court has ruled, after finding 
 that the law firm was the successor in interest to the loan servicer under an 
 asset management agreement. 
 Read full article » 
 'Grim Reaper' Atty Blasts Fla. Gov.'s Virus 'Inaction' In Appeal 
 A Florida attorney who has made waves appearing as the Grim Reaper 
 across the state during the COVID-19 pandemic blasted Gov. Ron DeSantis 
 for his inaction as he urged a state appeals court to revive his case asking 
 the courts to impose beach closures and a statewide stay-at-home order. 
 Read full article » 
 Legal Startup Says Westlaw Wants 'Monopoly' Over Law Texts 
 A legal research startup called ROSS Intelligence fired back Monday at a 
 copyright lawsuit filed by Westlaw owner Thomson Reuters, accusing the 
 bigger company of seeking "a monopoly over access to public legal texts." 
 Read full article » 
 Interview 
 15 Minutes With Spartan Race's General Counsel 
 Spartan Race in mid-June held its first U.S. event since the outbreak of the 
 coronavirus, though the competition was "extremely modified" to ensure 
 safety, said general counsel Deanna Sheridan. Here, she explains some of 
 the biggest challenges her organization is facing and how she envisions 
 future obstacle race course events will look. 
 Read full article » 
 EFTA00032954
JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Attorney 
 U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission 
 Washington. District of Columbia 
 White Plains boutique seeks associate 
 litigator (3-7 yrs) 
 KLR Davis 
 White Plains, New York 
 NYC ELITE FULL SERVICE SMALL FIRM 
 SEEKS PARTNERS 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York, New York 
 MID TO SENIOR LEVEL PARTNER TRACK 
 CORPORATE ASSOCIATE 
 www.dunnington.com 
 New York, New York 
 Not sure if your firm subscribe? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort 
 you may unsubscribe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-781.7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Low360I Portfolio Media. Inc. Ill West 19th Street. Sth Floor, New York, NY ION I 
 EFTA00032955
From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To: 
 Subject: DOJ Eyes Fraud Section Acting Chief For Permanent Gig 
 Date: Tue, 16 Jul 2019 07:50:53 +0000 
 ; b law360 White 
 Collar 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Tuesday, July 16, 2019 Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 DOJ Eyes Fraud Section Acting Chief For Permanent Gig 
 Robert Zink, the acting chief of the U.S. Department of Justice's Fraud 
 Section, is expected to be tapped as permanent head of the corporate crime-
 fi ghting unit, sources familiar with the matter have confirmed to Law360. 
 Read full article » 
 Epstein Accusers Appear At Bail Hearing, Ask He Be Jailed 
 The government sparred with sex-trafficking suspect Jeffrey Epstein at a bail 
 hearing on Monday, decrying his "offensive" arguments it said minimized the 
 charges — arguments punctuated by pleas to jail him from two women who 
 say Epstein had victimized them. 
 Read full article » 
 PR Exec Files As Foreign Agent After Callout In Craig Case 
 A London public relations executive expected to take the stand as a 
 prosecution witness at the upcoming trial of former Skadden partner Gregory 
 Craig registered Friday with the U.S. Department of Justice as a foreign 
 agent of Ukraine. 
 Read full article » 
 DOJ Urges 'Rigorous' Conflict Inquiry In 'Varsity Blues' Case 
 Federal prosecutors have again urged a Boston federal judge overseeing the 
 "Varsity Blues" college admissions cheating case to hold a "rigorous inquiry" 
 into conflicts of interest at BigLaw firms representing parents and the 
 University of Southern California. 
 Read full article » 
 Couple Can Get Separate Trials In Fraud Suit, 3rd Circ. Says 
 The Third Circuit has ordered a new trial for a woman convicted alongside 
 her husband in Pennsylvania federal court in a benefits fraud case after 
 fi nding that she'd been improperly forced to choose between taking the stand 
 in her own defense and exercising her privilege not to testify against her 
 spouse. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article >> 
 HBO 'Neverland' Arbitration Row Paused In Anti-SLAPP Effort 
 A California federal judge on Monday held back on deciding whether the 
 estate of Michael Jackson's breach of contract suit over HBO's "Leaving 
 Neverland" documentary should go to arbitration right away, instead allowing 
 HBO to address First Amendment issues underlying the allegations it 
 disparaged Jackson's character. 
 ; t 2,Law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Akin Gump 
 Bayard PA 
 Campbell & Williams 
 Cleary Gottlieb 
 Cosgrove Eisenberg 
 Covington & Burling 
 Davis Polk 
 Donnelly Conroy 
 Eisner Gorin 
 Freedman + Taitelman 
 Gellert Scali 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Gupta Wessler 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Horack Talley 
 Hughes Hubbard 
 Katten Muchin 
 Kaye McLane 
 Kinsella Weitzman 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Mark Beck Law 
 Motley Rice 
 Nixon Peabody 
 EFTA00032956
Read full article » 
 SECURITIES 
 Nomura Settles SEC's Shoddy Supervision Claims For $26.5M 
 Nomura agreed Monday to pay more than $26 million to resolve the U.S. 
 Securities and Exchange Commission's allegations that the bank failed to 
 supervise traders who allegedly lied to clients about the pricing of residential 
 mortgage -backed securities and commercial mortgage-backed securities. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 SEC Settles With Broker In Woodbridge Ponzi Scheme 
 The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission settled claims Monday with a 
 Tennessee -based broker the agency accused of selling unregistered 
 securities in connection with two Ponzi schemes, including the $1.2 billion 
 scheme allegedly perpetrated by the Woodbridge Group of Cos. LLC. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 Venezuelans Hit Gem-Tied Crypto Co. With $30M Ponzi Suit 
 A group of Venezuelan nationals filed a fraud suit in Florida federal court on 
 Friday, claiming they were reeled into a $30 million Ponzi scheme with 
 promises of lofty returns on investments in a diamond-backed cryptocurrency. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 Reckitt Hit With Stock Drop Suit Over $1.4B Opioid Probe Deal 
 British pharmaceutical company Reckitt Benckiser Group PLC was hit with a 
 stock drop suit Monday in New Jersey federal court, shortly after announcing 
 it will pay U.S. authorities up to $1.4 billion to settle an investigation into an 
 opioid addiction medication. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 PUBLIC INTEGRITY 
 Boston City Aides Make 11th-Hour Bid To Toss Extortion Case 
 Two Boston City Hall aides charged with pressuring a music festival to hire 
 unneeded union labor made a final bid to get extortion charges thrown out 
 Monday in federal court just a week before jury selection is scheduled to 
 begin. 
 Read full article » 
 BANK FRAUD 
 Feds Say Tribal Immunity No Bar Against Criminal Charges 
 The federal government told the Third Circuit on Friday that another court's 
 recent ruling on tribal immunity to civil suits didn't help an attorney and 
 businessman sentenced to jail on criminal charges for helping provide loans 
 with illegally high interest rates through tribe-owned companies. 
 Letter attached I Read full article » 
 HEALTH 
 Insys Proposes Novel Gov't Committee Deal In Ch. 11 Case 
 Bankrupt drugmaker Insys Therapeutics Inc. reached a deal with a group of 
 government entities seeking representation in its Chapter 11 case Monday by 
 proposing the formation of a limited-purpose committee of local agencies that 
 will be able to participate in plan negotiations. 
 Read full article » 
 IMMIGRATION 
 O'Melveny & Myers 
 Offit Kurman 
 Pepper Hamilton 
 Richards Layton 
 Robbins Geller 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Scheper Kim 
 SeegerWeiss 
 Skadden 
 Stradley Ronon 
 Wachtell Lipton 
 Weil Gotshal 
 WilmerHale 
 Zuckerman Spaeder 
 COMPANIES 
 Barnes & Noble Inc. 
 Clinique Laboratories LLC 
 ConvergEx Group LLC 
 Ennis Inc. 
 Estee Lauder Companies Inc. 
 FTI Consulting Inc. 
 Home Box Office Inc. 
 Indivior PLC 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 National Consumer Law Center 
 New Jersey On-Line LLC 
 New York Times Co. 
 New York University 
 Nomura Holdings, Inc. 
 Pacific Investment Management 
 Co. 
 Pitney Bowes Inc. 
 Podesta Group Inc. 
 Purdue Pharma LP 
 Reckitt Benckiser Group PLC 
 Tommy Hilfiger Corp. 
 UBS AG 
 Woodbridge Group of Cos. LLC 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Administrative Conference of the 
 United States 
 Department of Commerce 
 Executive Office of the President 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Guidiville Band of Pomo Indians 
 Internal Revenue Service 
 Kalispel Tribe of Indians 
 Lac Vieux Desert Band of Lake 
 Superior Chippewa Indians 
 EFTA00032957
Tent Rental Biz Used Unauthorized Workers To Make Millions 
 A Florida tent rental company and its officers allegedly raked in millions while 
 concealing from federal investigators that their workforce was composed of 
 immigrants not authorized to work in the country, U.S. Department of Justice 
 officials said Friday. 
 Read full article » 
 GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS 
 Ex -Navy Official Sentenced To 70 Mos. For Kickback Plot 
 A former civilian senior procurement official has been sentenced in California 
 federal court to 70 months in prison for taking $1.2 million in kickbacks and 
 paying fraudulent invoices for U.S. Navy contracts, prosecutors said Monday. 
 Read full article » 
 TAX 
 10th Circ. Axes Tax Conviction Over Faulty Pro Se Waiver 
 The Tenth Circuit on Monday vacated a $342,000 judgment against a man 
 convicted of tax evasion and obstruction, saying a Utah federal court did not 
 properly warn him that he needed to follow federal court rules if he 
 represented himself. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article 0 
 PEOPLE 
 Judge Who Oversaw Sen. Menendez Trial Dies At 86: Report 
 U.S. District Judge William H. Walls, who presided over Sen. Bob 
 Menendez's New Jersey federal jury trial and acquittal for bribery, has died at 
 the age of 86, according to a report from NJ.com. 
 Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 What To Know About Pending Insider Trading Legislation 
 Recently introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives, the Insider 
 Trading Prohibition Act will represent a potentially significant clarification of 
 U.S. insider trading laws if it proceeds further. And it could be viewed as 
 extending criminal liability to "reckless" conduct, say attorneys at Cleary. 
 Read full article » 
 Federal Agencies Need A Uniform Record-Keeping Process 
 The administrative record is very important to federal agency litigation — as 
 showcased in last month's U.S. Supreme Court decision concerning the 
 addition of a citizenship question to the 2020 census — yet there is no set of 
 consistent principles to guide agencies in compiling these official records, say 
 attorneys at WilmerHale. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Conservative Lawyers Slam Trump's 'Ignorant Racist' Tweets 
 Checks and Balances, a group of conservative and libertarian attorneys, on 
 Monday tore into tweets in which President Donald Trump suggested four 
 Democratic congresswomen of color should "go back" to their "crime 
 infested" countries, condemning the president's "ignorant racist nature" and 
 calling his rhetoric "a rejection of those founding principles of our nation." 
 Read full article » 
 National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
 Administration 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the 
 District of Delaware 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
 Federal Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
 Second Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth 
 Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third 
 Circuit 
 U.S. Department of Energy 
 U.S. Department of Homeland 
 Security 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. District Court for the Central 
 District of California 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Massachusetts 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 New Jersey 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of Florida 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. Environmental Protection 
 Agency 
 U.S. House of Representatives 
 U.S. Immigration and Customs 
 Enforcement 
 U.S. Navy 
 U.S. Senate 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 United States District Court for the 
 District of Utah 
 EFTA00032958
Estee Lauder Promotes General Counsel To Vice Chairman 
 Estee Lauder elevated its executive vice president and general counsel to 
 the newly created position of vice chairman, a role in which she will continue 
 to promote women's professional development. 
 Read full article » 
 Offit Kurman Deal With NC Firm Paves Way For 13th Office 
 Offit Kurman PA announced Monday that it is entering into an affiliation with 
 Charlotte -based Horack Talley Pharr & Lowndes PA, allowing the firm to 
 expand into its 13th office and its first in North Carolina. 
 Read full article » 
 Gov't Can't Duck Review Of PACER Fee Use, Fed. Circ. Told 
 A certified class of PACER users has urged the Federal Circuit to find that the 
 judiciary can review whether the government improperly spent more than 
 $200 million it collected from fees, saying the government can't rebut their 
 claims and has resorted to making a "novel" jurisdictional argument that has 
 no weight. 
 Read full article » 
 Interview 
 15 Minutes With Barnes & Noble's General Counsel 
 Since he officially started working as the first in-house lawyer at Barnes & 
 Noble in 2000, Brad Feuer said he has done "everything and anything" at the 
 company. Here, the general counsel discusses e-reading, his answer to 
 people who suggest bookstores are obsolete, and two of his favorite books. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 White Plains insurance boutique seeks 
 associate defense litigator 
 KLR Davis 
 White Plains, New York 
 elite lit boutique II mid level assoc 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York. New York 
 Mid -sized White Plains firm seeks 
 municipal government associate 
 KLR Davis 
 White Plains, New York 
 Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort. 
 you may imsubsetibe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries. please call + I -646-781.7ICO or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law3601 Ponfolio Media, Inc. Ill West 19th Street. 5th Floor. New Yoh. NY 10011 
 EFTA00032959
From: (USANYS)"  
 To: (USANYS)"  
 Cc: SANYS)" 
 USANYS " 
 , "USANYS)" 
 (USANYS)" 
 Subject: Re: Epstein 6(e) Order 
 Date: Fri, 20 Dec 2019 17:42:04 +0000 
 Great, thank you. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Dec 20, 2019, at 12:32 PM, (USANYS) < wrote: 
 Thanks. Larry, 
 m ,
 I will send you the trust agreements momentarily. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Friday, December 20, 2019 12:29 PM 
 To: (USANYS) O; 
 (USANYS) 
 >; 
 (USANYS) ; 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) (USANYS) 
 •= > 
 Subject: Epstein 6(e) Order 
 Judge Cote signed the 6(e) order, attached. 
 Note: an thin we send to John Langbein has to comply with EOUSA secure shipping protocols (speak to 
 or EOUSA electronic encryption protocols (speak to IT services). We would look very bad if 
 any of this ended up someplace it shouldn't. Also give Langbein the necessary cautions. 
 Associate U.S. Attorney 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 One St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032960
**Covid-19 Notice: The office is currently closed 
 but we continue to work remotely. 
 Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all 
 correspondence during this time. 
 We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation. 
 Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good 
 health and well being. 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
 that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
 If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, 
 distribute, or use this information. 
 If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
 sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank 
 you. 
 EFTA00032016
INMATE 2 
 EFTA00032961
N ( 1 ,
 , 
 ‘8 e. 
 aCeoe- \ac" 
 cklceLAM- 
 bSei3t 
 v•a 
 a fi l
 \katc" an.ap,cvz 5O.k it\N4s.‘ el`e oa)t tKe_ 
 1111.1111 
 EFTA00032962
Empty content found in page 1052
From: New York Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To:
 Subject: Harvard, NYU Law Reviews Biased Against White Men, Suit Says 
 Date: Wed, 10 Oct 2018 07:31:30 +0000 
 tlaw360 New York 
 NEW YORK 
 Wednesday, October 10, 2018 Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Hoops Recruit's Dad Tells Jury Cash Wasn't Only Factor 
 The father of former University of Louisville recruit Brian "Tugs" Bowen told a 
 Manhattan jury Tuesday that the hoops powerhouse was the right place for 
 his son regardless of cash payments he received, as lawyers for three men 
 accused of funneling illegal secret payments from Adidas to the basketball 
 dad pushed the narrative that they had no criminal intent. Read full article » 
 Harvard, NYU Law Reviews Biased Against White Men: Suit 
 The law reviews at Harvard Law School and the New York University School 
 of Law discriminate against white men when selecting their members and 
 which articles they will publish, according to a pair of suits filed in 
 Massachusetts and New York federal courts. Read full article » 
 Ex -Goldman CEO Aide Accused In Wine Theft Leaps To Death 
 A former assistant to the CEO of Goldman Sachs who was expected to plead 
 guilty on Tuesday to stealing $1.2 million in rare wines from his former 
 employer was found dead at a Manhattan hotel that afternoon in an apparent 
 suicide. Read full article » 
 Royal Park Can't Revive $3.7B RMBS Suit, NY Court Rules 
 A New York appellate court said Tuesday that a lower court was right to toss 
 Royal Park Investments SA/NV's $3.7 billion suit accusing four major banks 
 of committing fraud in connection with the sale of residential mortgage-
 backed securities, finding the Belgian bank did not have standing to bring 
 negligence and fraud claims. Read full article » 
 2nd Circ. Mulls Unsettled McDonnell Issues In Guinean Case 
 A convicted former Guinean mining minister's attorney told an appeals court 
 panel on Tuesday that the Supreme Court's McDonnell ruling should apply to 
 foreign bribery law, leading one appellate judge to muse that the Second 
 Circuit has yet to limit the ruling to specific laws. Read full article 
 INSURANCE 
 Insurer Must Pay $1.2M In Tainted Milk Row, 2nd Circ. Told 
 Harleysville Worcester Insurance Co. on Tuesday urged the Second Circuit to 
 uphold a ruling that it is entitled to reimbursement from Wesco Insurance Co. 
 for nearly $1.2 million Harleysville shelled out defending and settling two suits 
 accusing a trucking company of delivering contaminated milk to a dairy plant, 
 saying that Wesco forfeited its primary arguments. Read full article » 
 SECURITIES & WHITE COLLAR 
 c A law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Alston & Bird 
 Arnold & Porter 
 Belkin Burden 
 Brown Law Firm 
 Cassin & Cassin 
 Clifford Chance 
 Cravath Swaine 
 Davis Polk 
 Donnelly Conroy 
 Dorsey & Whitney 
 Fried Frank 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Hengeler Mueller 
 Jones Day 
 Kellogg Hansen 
 Kennedys CMK 
 Kent Beatty 
 Korein Tillery 
 Latham & Watkins 
 LeClairRyan 
 Lee Litigation Group 
 Loeb & Loeb 
 Manatt Phelps 
 EFTA00032964
Ex -Marks Paneth Accountant Charged In $2M IP Scheme 
 Federal authorities in Florida have arrested the former managing partner of a 
 Manhattan accounting firm on charges he defrauded investors of $2 million 
 through a sham intellectual property company he created. Read full article » 
 Shareholder Fires Back At Dismissal Bids In 6D Global Suit 
 A 6D Global Technologies Inc. shareholder on Friday swatted back at a trio of 
 dismissal bids in New York federal court, deriding "feeble attempts" by the 
 company, its former directors and a private equity firm's CEO to escape 
 claims that they allowed the digital marketing company's share price to be 
 manipulated. Read full article » 
 PRODUCT LIABILITY 
 Starbucks Sued Over White Chocolate Energy Drink Labeling 
 A New York Starbucks customer is suing the coffee chain in Manhattan 
 federal court, claiming it has deliberately deceived customers by selling white 
 chocolate -flavored energy drinks that do not contain white chocolate. Read 
 full article » 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 Instagram Art Show Was Fair Use, Richard Prince Says 
 Visual artist Richard Prince is pushing to end copyright litigation over his 
 Instagram-themed art exhibit, arguing he was allowed to display largely 
 unaltered versions of other artists' images because he used them in "a 
 radically different aesthetic context." Read full article » 
 MEDIA & ENTERTAINMENT 
 Nicki Minaj Didn't Return Rental Clothes, NY Stylist Claims 
 A professional stylist accused rap star Nicki Minaj in New York state court on 
 Friday of failing to pay for $73,000 worth of clothes and styling services, 
 saying he was now facing "serious financial hardship" because she stiffed 
 him. Read full article » 
 EMPLOYMENT 
 Bloomberg Workers Seek $13.8M In Costs, Fees In OT Suit 
 A class of Bloomberg LP help desk representatives have told a New York 
 federal judge they are entitled to $13.77 million in attorneys' fees and costs in 
 their suit alleging the company wrongfully excluded them from overtime pay, 
 the same day the parties sought final approval of a settlement in the case. 
 Read full article » 
 III. Atty Accused Of Defaming EB-5 Fund To Chinese Investors 
 The U.S. Immigration Fund LLC has sued an Illinois attorney, his business 
 partner and a Hong Kong consulting firm for fraud and defamation in New 
 York state court, alleging they defrauded the EB-5 center out of millions by 
 making false statements about the center to Chinese investors seeking EB-5 
 visas and inducing them to withdraw their capital from the fund. Read full 
 article » 
 BANKRUPTCY 
 FIKA's Proposed $11M Sale To Ch. 11 Lender Approved 
 FIKA, a bankrupt New York City coffee chain inspired by Swedish coffee 
 culture, inched forward Tuesday in its bid to sell the business to its secured 
 lender in Chapter 11 for roughly $11.4 million and remain in operation. Read 
 full article » 
 Meister Seelig & Fein 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Moskowitz LLP 
 Nexsen Pruet 
 Nijman Franzetti 
 Norton Rose Fulbright 
 Ogletree Deakins 
 Otterbourg PC 
 Pinsent Masons 
 Riker Danzig 
 Robbins Geller 
 Sidley Austin 
 Spolzino Smith 
 Sullivan & Cromwell 
 Tarter Krinsky 
 Weil Gotshal 
 Willkie Farr 
 COMPANIES 
 Adidas AG 
 Agri -Mark Inc. 
 Altman Weil Inc. 
 Amazon.com Inc. 
 American Bar Association 
 Ampal-American Israel Corp. 
 Barilla Holding SpA 
 Barnes & Noble Inc. 
 Bayer AG 
 Bloomberg 
 CVC Capital Partners 
 Chicago Bar Association 
 Credit Suisse Group AG 
 Delek Drilling 
 Deutsche Bank AG 
 Equifax Inc. 
 First Republic Bank 
 Fordham University 
 Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 
 HSBC Holdings PLC 
 HighQ Solutions Ltd. 
 Honeywell International Inc. 
 Instagram Inc. 
 Intel Corp. 
 International Centre for Settlement 
 of Investment Disputes 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 Kraft Foods Inc. 
 LexisNexis Group 
 Linkedln Corp. 
 Lone Star Funds 
 M&T Bank Corp. 
 EFTA00032965
Ampal Reaches $150M Deal To Resolve Gas Row With Egypt 
 Bankrupt Ampal-American Israel Corp. has reached a $150 million deal to 
 resolve several arbitrations involving Egypt and two state-owned oil and gas 
 companies — one of which resulted in a $1.033 billion arbitral award against 
 Egypt — stemming from a terminated natural gas deal, according to 
 documents filed in New York bankruptcy court. Read full article » 
 CORRECTED: Ex-Exec Of Modi Jewelry Co. Seeks Access To 
 D&O Coverage 
 The ex-president of a company owned by billionaire jeweler Nirav Modi on 
 Thursday asked a New York bankruptcy court for an order allowing one of his 
 company's directors and officers insurance to pay for his legal defense, 
 saying the policy proceeds are not estate property. Correction: A previous 
 version of this story incorrectly identified the individual filing the motion. The 
 error has been corrected. Read full article » 
 BANKING 
 NCUA Seeks Sub To Bring RMBS Suit Against Deutsche Bank 
 The National Credit Union Administration has urged a New York federal judge 
 to allow the substitution of a new plaintiff to pursue claims against Deutsche 
 Bank National Trust Co. over a number of residential mortgage-backed 
 securities trusts, arguing that this swap would address standing issues 
 highlighted in a similar suit brought by the agency against U.S. Bank. Read 
 full article » 
 ENERGY & ENVIRONMENTAL 
 High Court Won't Review NY Honeywell Cleanup Fight 
 The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday declined to resurrect a suit by upstate 
 New York residents against Honeywell International Inc. that accused the 
 company of exposing them to "hazardous concentrations of toxic vapor" 
 during a cleanup of Onondaga Lake. Read full article » 
 REAL ESTATE & DEVELOPMENT 
 NYC Real Estate Week In Review 
 More than a dozen law firms landed work on the largest New York City 
 transactions for which deeds were filed last week, with Loeb & Loeb LLP 
 helping Bank of New York Mellon Corp. land a $352 million purchase of an 
 office building one block north of One World Trade Center. Read full article » 
 Real Estate Rumors: FPA, Pentaurus, Mautner-Glick 
 FPA Multifamily has reportedly bought an Illinois apartment complex for $65 
 million, real estate investment firm Pentaurus is said to have picked up 60 
 Florida town homes for $13 million, and Mautner-Glick has reportedly bought 
 two New York residential and retail buildings for $19 million. Read full article 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 Defamation In Litigation: A Primer On Privileges In NY 
 Under New York law, statements made in court and other litigation-related 
 communications are, in most cases, privileged. But these privileges have 
 limits, and it behooves litigants — particularly those inclined to speak publicly 
 about their cases — to be aware of them, says Jonathan Bloom of Weil 
 Gotshal & Manges LLP. Read full article » 
 Opinion 
 Trump Family Tax History: A Professional Evaluation 
 Mayo Foundation for Medical 
 Education and Research 
 Microsoft Corporation 
 Monsanto Co. 
 Morgan Stanley 
 National Basketball Association 
 National Collegiate Athletic 
 Association 
 New York Post 
 New York Times Co. 
 New York University 
 Noble Energy, Inc. 
 Signature Bank 
 Square Inc. 
 Starbucks Corporation 
 The Bank of New York Mellon 
 Corp. 
 U.S. Bancorp 
 UBS AG 
 United Nations Commission on 
 International Trade Law 
 UnitedLex Corp. 
 Wells Fargo & Co. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Bureau of Citizenship and 
 Immigration Services 
 Delaware Court of Chancery 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Federal Election Commission 
 Illinois Supreme Court 
 Internal Revenue Service 
 International Chamber of 
 Commerce 
 National Credit Union 
 Administration 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 U.S. Attorneys Office 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Environmental Protection 
 Agency 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 United States Bankruptcy Court for 
 the Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032966
From his perspective as a tax defense attorney for the past 30 years, Steve 
 Moskowitz of Moskowitz LLP weighs in on the allegations of past tax 
 impropriety by the Trump family. Read full article » 
 Knowledge Management: An Unsung Hero Of Legal Innovation 
 As technology evolves, law firms are increasingly looking for ways to improve 
 communication, transparency and service for their clients. Firms should put 
 knowledge management at the core of their value proposition to create a 
 competitive advantage, says Rob MacAdam at HighQ. Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Gains Stall For Female Partners In Numbers, Salaries 
 The number of female equity partners at top law firms has barely budged in 
 more than a decade, with few signs of women making significant inroads into 
 the upper tiers of management or earning as much as men, according to a 
 report from the National Association of Women Lawyers. Read full article » 
 Justice Kavanaugh Not Shy At 1st Supreme Court Arguments 
 Justice Brett Kavanaugh got off to a quick start at the U.S. Supreme Court 
 following a rocky confirmation battle over sexual misconduct claims that 
 divided the nation, asking numerous questions Tuesday at his first pair of oral 
 arguments just days after he was sworn in as President Donald Trump's 
 second appointee to the high court. Read full article » 
 When A Justice's Vote Is Pivotal, Politics Rules: Study 
 A closely divided high court is more likely to hand down decisions that were 
 determined on ideological grounds and were intended to reshape the law, 
 rather than relying on legal precedent, new research shows. Read full article 
 Dorsey & Whitney Names New Managing Partner 
 Minneapolis -based Dorsey & Whitney LLP on Tuesday named Bill Stoeri, a 
 trial lawyer who has worked at the law firm for more than 30 years, as its new 
 managing partner starting next year. Read full article » 
 Feature 
 Chicago Courts Join Judiciary's Sex Harassment Reckoning 
 After disciplining a judge for allegedly sexually harassing a prosecutor, 
 Chicago's court system this month is set to hold its first-ever training on 
 sexual harassment for all of its nearly 400 judges, part of a growing trend in 
 state courts as they grapple with #MeToo. Read full article » 
 Adidas Taps Bayer US Legal Head For New General Counsel 
 The former head of legal for Bayer U.S. has been appointed general counsel 
 of Adidas AG, the Germany-based sportswear manufacturer said Tuesday. 
 Read full article » 
 Interview 
 15 Minutes With Barilla's Americas General Counsel 
 General counsel of the Americas for Barilla Group, Talita Erickson, recently 
 spoke to Law360 about what she looks for in outside counsel, what she 
 thinks about the billable hour, and the recent regulations that have had the 
 most impact on her business. Read full article » 
 Legal Tech Download: A Lawsuit-Generating Chatbot 
 The world of legal technology is quickly evolving, with new products coming 
 to market in rapid succession. Here, Law360 takes a look at five recent 
 developments. Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 EFTA00032967
Associate 
 Mendes & Mount. LLP 
 New York. New York 
 Employment Associate! NY mid-size law 
 firm 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York. New York 
 Labor & Employment Associate 
 Epstein Becker & Green, PC 
 New York. New York 
 Billing Coordinator Elite Enterprise Billing 
 Systems 
 National Law Firm 
 Great Neck. New York 
 Senior Finance Paralegal - Structured 
 Finance 
 TOP AM LAw Firm 
 New York. New York 
 Trademark Legal Assistant 
 Arnold & Porter 
 New York. New York 
 Hogan Lovells US LLP - New York Office • 
 Intellectual Property Associate, Junior 
 Level 
 Hogan Lovells US LLP 
 NEW YORK. New York 
 Tax Manager- Trust & Estates 
 Grassi & Co. 
 Jericho, New York 
 L&E Partner -Mid-sized NYC law firm 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York City. New York 
 Professional Development Coordinator -
 Attorney Training and Development 
 Filcro Legal Staffing 
 New York, New York 
 Corporate Law • Paralegal Supervisor 
 TOP AM LAw Firm 
 New York, New York 
 Global Mobility Services Specialist 
 Filcro Legal Staffing 
 New York, New York 
 Corporate Associate (New York Office) 
 McCarter & English, LLP 
 New York, New York 
 Litigation Associate 
 Lipsius BenHaim Law LLP 
 Kew Gardens. New York 
 Junior and Mid-Level Associates for 
 D&O/Financial Lines Coverage & Litigation 
 Group 
 Kennedys CMK LLP 
 New York, New York 
 Not sure if your firm sukceribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive future mails of this sort. 
 you may unsubscribe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries. please call + I -646-781.7ICO or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Poky 
 Law3601 Portfolio Media. Inc. Ill West 19th Street. Sth Floor, New York. NY I COI I 
 EFTA00032968
From: ' (USANYS)"  
 To:
 ,
 Cc: ' (USANYS)" 
 ci 
 Subject: RE: OPR Matter 
 Date: Mon, 10 Aug 2020 22:20:00 +0000 
 Thanks, MO. we could set a time tomorrow if you've had a chance to look as well, or we could find a 
 time toward the end of the week if that's better? I think we have until 8/21 to get comments back. 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, August 10, 2020 12:25 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 efl 
 cc > 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: OPR Matter 
 I've reviewed and can discuss whenever. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Sunday, August 09, 2020 16:25 
 To: 
 ) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: OPR Matter 
 < 
 For those who haven't read this cover to cover just yet, I had a searchable version created, and have saved it on the share 
 for you here: 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Thursday, August 6, 2020 5:41 PM 
 To: 
 )< 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: FW: OPR Matter 
 ) < 
 Team —Attached is a draft of OPR's report on the Epstein NPA. OPR is asking us to review and provide feedback, if any, 
 particularly in the unlikely event there is anything in here that may be sensitive with respect to an ongoing investigation. 
 Can you please take a look and then let's find a time to discuss as a group? 
 Thanks, 
 From: (OPR) < 
 Sent: Thursday, August 6, 2020 2:49 PM 
 EFTA00032969
To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: OPR Matter 
 < 
 Acting United States Attorney 
 for the Southern District of New York 
 New York, New York 
 Dear Ms. 
 Please find attached a letter from OPR Director regarding OPR's draft report regarding the handling of the 
 Jeffrey Epstein matter by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida in 2006-2008. A copy of the draft 
 report, for your review, is also attached. 
 With regards, 
 Counsel 
 Office of Professional Responsibility 
 US. Department of Justice 
 950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NXC — Room 3266 
 Washington, D.C. 20530 
 cc: AUSA 
 EFTA00032970
From: (USANYS)
 . alMIW 
 To: 'lliiir>,<MI(USANYS)" 
 (USANYS)" 
 Subject: Epstein FOR Letters 
 Date: Wed, 28 Apr 2021 22:46:20 +0000 
 Attachments: 0428215imes_v_BOP_20cv833_Govt_Letter to_be_Filed_Ex_Parte_and_Under_Seal.doc 
 x; 042821_Times_v_BOP_20cv833_Govt_Extension_Request_to_be_Publicly_Filed.docx; 
 042821_Times_v_BOP_20cv833_Govt_Sealing_Request_to_be_Publicly_Filed.docx 
 Hi all, 
 Please find attached extension letters (one ex parte and under seal, two public) in the Epstein FOIA. Please let me know if 
 you have any edits or concerns. It would be best to get these on file tonight if possible. 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 White Plains, NY 10601 
 Telephone 
 EFTA00032017
From: ' )"  
 To: ' (USANYS)"  
 Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
 Date: Sun, 07 Jul 2019 20:52:27 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Thanks very much. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Sunday, July 7, 2019 4:44 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: Fwd: Jeffrey Epstein 
 Congratulations. 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: "-(USANYS)" 
 Date: July 7, 2019 at 1:08:19 PM EDT 
 To: " 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
 If 
 (USANYS)" 
 l " 
 Hey PCU —As you likely may have seen/heard at this point, last evening, we arrested Jeffrey Epstein on sex trafficking 
 charges. Epstein is in custody and will be presented and arraigned on an Indictment that will be unsealed tomorrow 
 morning. 
 The case is an incredibly important one — not only is the conduct extremely serious and deeply disturbing — but our 
 charges ensure that dozens if not more of Epstein's victims, girls who were as young as 14 at the time they were abused, 
 will finally have their day in court. It is an extraordinarily worthy prosecution and just the latest example of how this 
 unit will never shy away from bringing tough cases against powerful people who have committed grievous crimes. 
 Please join me and in extending a very well-deserved congratulations to the team, 
 who have worked tirelessly to make this case happen (and happen so quickly). They have done us all proud, and if you 
 are free, we hope you join us for the press conference formally announcing the charges, which should happen Monday 
 morning at 11. 
 Mat 
 EFTA00032971
From: Marc Femich  
 To:" 
 Cc: [Contractor]" 
 (USANYS) [Contractor]" 
 Subject: Re: U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), Government bail memorandum 
 Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2019 15:56:24 +0000 
 Received. Thanks. 
 Marc Fernich, Esq. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Jul 8, 2019, at 10:53 AM, 
 Marc, 
 wrote: 
 Wanted to send this to you as well in case your co-counsel can't receive it in the Court. Please let me know if it would 
 be helpful to get a hard copy — I'm copying two of our paralegals who can bring you (or co-counsel) a copy; I'll be 
 unreachable for the next hour or so. 
 thank you, 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, July 08, 2019 10:43 
 To: 
 Cc: >; 
 'Martin Weinberg' c:I>; 'rweingarten@steptoe.com'
 <->; 
 Subject: RE: U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), Government bail memorandum 
 To the Chambers of Judge Pitman: 
 In advance of the expected bail argument in the above-captioned case, in connection with the presentment and 
 arraignment referred by Judge Berman, attached please find a memorandum from the government on the issue of 
 detention. Defense counsel is copied, as is the chambers of Judge Berman at their request. 
 Thank you, 
 EFTA00032972
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 <U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), Government bail memorandum.pdf> 
 EFTA00032973
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: Epstein indictment 
 Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2019 18:55:31 +0000 
 Hello, I am a law professor. 
 I note that the forfeiture is being done under a special Human Trafficking statute. In paragraph 25 of the indictment, you 
 refer to 18 USC 1594(c)(1). But you meant 1594(d)(1). 1594(c)(1) does not exist. 
 Typos in indictments have disastrous consequences, as I am sure you know. So you might want to correct this. 
 EFTA00032974
From: (USANYS)" alMIE> 
 To: "Strauss, Audrey (USANYS)" <IMINE> 
 Subject: RE: Do we have transcript of hearing? 
 Date: Thu, 29 Aug 2019 21:09:57 +0000 
 Attachments: J8RpEPSf.pdf 
 Attached, 
 Original Message 
 From: Strauss, Audrey (USANYS) 
 Sent: Thursda Au ust 29, 2019 5:09 PM 
 To: (USANYS) alMIE> 
 Subject: Re: Do we have transcript of hearing? 
 Ilf you send transcript now I will get that sent along and then call you. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 > On Aug 29, 2019, at 5:07 PM, (USANYS) 
 aMIE> 
 wrote: 
 > Yes, will send. And I'm ready to do updates now if you're free. Am at my desk. 
 > Original Message 
 > From: Strauss, Audrey (USANYS) 
 > Sent: Thursda Au ust 29, 2019 5:05 PM 
 > To: (USANYS) 
 > Subject: Do we have transcript of hearing? 
 > IN is asking for it. 
 > Sent from my iPhone 
 EFTA00032975
From: New York Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To: 
 Subject: 3 Things You Need To Know About NY's Latest Cyber Regs 
 Date: Fri, 31 Aug 2018 08:06:12 +0000 
 c.;Law360 New York 
 NEW YORK 
 Law360 Closed For Labor Day 
 Newsletter service will resume on Tuesday. Sept. 4. 
 Friday, August 31, 2018 Follow Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Analysis 
 3 Things You Need To Know About NY's Latest Cyber Regs 
 Companies will need to destroy old data, safeguard their information 
 reserves and retrace breaches using digital breadcrumbs as part of new rules 
 taking effect Tuesday in New York state's first-of-its-kind cybersecurity 
 regulation. Here, Law360 breaks down three key issues. Read full article » 
 Ex-Veon Execs Slip Investor Suit Over Uzbek Bribes 
 Former executives at telecommunications firm Veon Ltd. escaped a proposed 
 class action claiming the company defrauded investors by not disclosing that 
 it had paid bribes in Uzbekistan, with a Manhattan federal judge saying 
 Thursday that the suit had several issues. Read full article » 
 NYC House Heist Ringleader Gets 10 Years In Prison 
 The ringleader of a fake mortgage modification company on Thursday was 
 sentenced to 10 years in prison for running a multimillion-dollar scheme to 
 con dozens of often poor and elderly victims out of their homes through a 
 campaign of fraud, intimidation and forgery. Read full article » 
 Ex -NY Developer Busted After Investors Sue For $17M 
 A White Plains, New York-based developer was arrested Thursday for what 
 Manhattan federal prosecutors call a lengthy scheme to defraud backers of 
 his luxury real estate plays, charges that came after investors sued, later 
 pushing him into bankruptcy, to recover at least $17 million they say they are 
 owed. Read full article » 
 Papa John's Hid Papa's Problems, Investor Fraud Suit Says 
 A Papa John's International Inc. investor accused the pizza delivery giant of 
 keeping shareholders in the dark about alleged sexual harassment and other 
 misconduct by founder and former CEO John H. Schnatter, filing a proposed 
 securities fraud class action lawsuit Thursday in New York federal court. 
 Read full article » 
 MEDIA & ENTERTAINMENT 
 1st Circ. Rejects Priest's $100M Bloomberg Defamation Suit 
 `',Law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Akin Gump 
 Arnold & Porter 
 Baker Botts 
 Berger Montague 
 Boies Schiller 
 Briggs and Morgan 
 Buchanan Ingersoll 
 Calcagni Kanefsky 
 Certilman Balin 
 Clifford Chance 
 Cohen & Gresser 
 Cohen Milstein 
 Cravath Swaine 
 Davidoff Hutcher 
 Davis Polk 
 Dentons 
 Dickinson Wright 
 Dudley Topper 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 EFTA00032976
A Greek Orthodox priest who also runs a hedge fund lost his First Circuit 
 appeal in a $100 million defamation case against Bloomberg LP on Thursday 
 when a panel ruled that he failed to show the news agency acted with actual 
 malice when it reported in 2016 that he was under investigation for stock 
 manipulation. Read full article » 
 SECURITIES & WHITE COLLAR 
 Rakoff Won't Rethink Objector Attys' Fee Bid In Petrobras Deal 
 U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff said Wednesday that he would not reconsider 
 the significantly downsized attorneys' fees he awarded counsel for an 
 objector to the $3 billion class action settlement with Brazilian oil giant 
 Petrobras, saying uncertainty about an appeal of the class counsel's award 
 shouldn't affect the objector's. Read full article » 
 CONSUMER PROTECTION 
 NY AG Seeks Clarity After CFPB's Exit From Legal Funder Suit 
 New York's attorney general has asked a Manhattan federal judge to clarify 
 her recent rulings in a suit accusing RD Legal Funding of scamming NFL 
 players and 9/11 first responders, saying that it's not clear what claims 
 survive after she found the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
 unconstitutional, chucked its claims and then paused the rest. Read full 
 article >> 
 BANKRUPTCY 
 Pacific Drilling Financing Provisions Pared As Bonuses OK'd 
 Pacific Drilling SA received bankruptcy court approval Thursday to implement 
 a performance incentive plan that could reward 11 executives with up to 
 nearly $9.6 million in bonuses, but was told to refine a commitment 
 agreement for $300 million in second-lien financing for its proposed Chapter 
 11 exit. Read full article » 
 Westinghouse WARN Plaintiffs Split Over Court Jurisdiction 
 The bitter, monthslong debate over what to do with two putative WARN Act 
 class actions against Westinghouse Electric took another turn Wednesday, 
 as counsel for one set of plaintiffs asked to have both suits transferred to 
 South Carolina, while their counterparts demanded the suits stay put in New 
 York bankruptcy court. Read full article » 
 EMPLOYMENT 
 Analysis 
 NY Sex Harass Guidance May Put Employers In Time Crunch 
 New York state's recently proposed standards for how businesses should 
 structure anti-sexual harassment policies and conduct newly mandated 
 training sessions could leave employers scrambling to comply with a tight 
 time frame and uncertain about whether the state's proposals meet New York 
 City requirements, experts say. Read full article » 
 Trump's Personal Driver Of More Than 25 Years Drops OT Suit 
 President Donald Trump's former chauffeur on Thursday voluntarily withdrew 
 his civil case alleging he worked more than 50 hours a week for decades 
 without ever being paid overtime and that he hadn't been given a 
 "meaningful" raise in 12 years. Read full article » 
 COMPETITION 
 Dentists Get $80M From Supply Cos. To End Collusion Case 
 A group of dentists has tentatively reached an $80 million settlement in a 
 proposed class action accusing the country's biggest dental supply 
 Fitzpatrick Cella 
 Foley & Lardner 
 Fox Rothschild 
 Gaffney Lewis 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Greines Martin 
 Hausfeld 
 Haynes and Boone 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth 
 Jackson Lewis 
 Jenner & Block 
 Jones Day 
 Kerr & Wagstaffe 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Klehr Harrison 
 Knobbe Martens 
 Kobre & Kim 
 Kramer Levin 
 Labaton Sucharow 
 Locke Lord 
 Mayer Brown 
 McKool Smith 
 Morrison & Foerster 
 Motley Rice 
 Novak Druce 
 Ogletree Deakins 
 Outten & Golden 
 Paul Hastings 
 Paul Weiss 
 Polsinelli 
 Pomerantz LLP 
 Prince Lobel 
 Proskauer Rose 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Robbins Geller 
 Roylance Abrams 
 Sanford Heisler Sharp 
 Schertler & Onorato 
 Schwartz Perry & Heller 
 Seward & Kissel 
 Seyfarth Shaw 
 Sheppard Mullin 
 Skadden 
 Susman Godfrey 
 The Gardner Firm PC 
 The Jaffe Law Firm 
 Togut Segal 
 Venable LLP 
 Vinson & Elkins 
 Willkie Farr 
 Yarborough Applegate 
 EFTA00032977
companies of colluding to fix prices on crowns, numbing agents, X-ray 
 accessories and other products, the parties announced on Thursday. Read 
 full article » 
 CONTRACTS 
 DOJ Says It Can Prove Novartis Dinners Were Kickbacks 
 The U.S. Department of Justice shot back against Novartis Pharmaceuticals 
 Corp.'s claims that extensive discovery hasn't turned up proof that the 
 drugmaker bribed doctors to write prescriptions through its fraudulent 
 speaker program, telling a New York federal court that the government will be 
 able to win the case. Read full article » 
 REAL ESTATE & DEVELOPMENT 
 Certilman Balin Helps With $71M Loan For Queens Properties 
 Capital One NA has loaned $71 million to real estate agency Central Queens 
 Properties for various apartment buildings in Queens, a matter Certilman 
 Balin Adler & Hyman LLP worked on, according to records made public in 
 New York on Thursday. Read full article » 
 Real Estate Rumors: Baring, Bridge, Jonas 
 Baring Private Equity Asia has reportedly closed a $1 billion real estate fund, 
 Bridge Development Partners is said to have picked up a Chicago-area 
 development site for $50 million, and Jonas Equities has reportedly paid $46 
 million for two Brooklyn multifamily properties. Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 10 Ways To Prevent E-Discovery Woes 
 E -discovery is not easy, but employing these 10 strategies may help minimize 
 future headaches, say Debbie Reynolds and Daryl Gardner of EimerStahl 
 Discovery Solutions LLC. Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Strong Local Economy A Springboard For Texas Powerhouses 
 The recovery of oil prices and the continued influx of out-of-state firms 
 entering the Texas legal market led to an active and competitive year for firms 
 statewide, but five law firms edged out the rest with work including paving the 
 way for the purchase of the Houston Rockets, opening the door for major 
 retailers like Walmart Inc. to sell liquor in Texas and reshaping oilfield 
 ownership. Read full article » 
 Feature 
 IP Pressures Could Fuel More Law Firm Mergers 
 Venable LLP's planned combination with Fitzpatrick Cella Harper & Scinto 
 continues a trend of general service firms acquiring intellectual property 
 boutiques, and experts say more tie-ups could be coming amid challenges in 
 the IP market and a desire from law firms to find a competitive edge. Read 
 full article » 
 Conflict Sinks Sheppard Mullin Fee Win, Calif. Justices Say 
 The California Supreme Court chose Thursday not to provide a final answer 
 in a $3.8 million fee dispute between Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton 
 LLP and a former client, ruling that an arbitration award in favor of the firm is 
 invalid because of an undisclosed conflict and deciding Sheppard Mullin must 
 argue its case before a trial court. Read full article » 
 Ex -Ogletree Any Failed To Opt Out Of Arbitration, Firm Says 
 The former Ogletree Deakins Nash Smoak & Stewart PC shareholder suing 
 the firm for gender bias in a $300 million proposed class action should have 
 COMPANIES 
 Alstom SA 
 Altman Weil Inc. 
 Amgen Inc. 
 Archrock Inc. 
 BTI Consulting Group Inc. 
 Bank of America Corporation 
 Barclays PLC 
 Baring Private Equity Asia Ltd. 
 Benco Dental Supply Co. Inc. 
 BlackBerry Ltd. 
 Bloomberg 
 Bombardier Inc. 
 CenterPoint Energy Inc. 
 Citigroup Inc. 
 Competitive Enterprise Institute 
 Devon Energy Corp. 
 Enlink Midstream Partners LP 
 Exterro Inc. 
 Fairfield Residential Co. LLC 
 Global Infrastructure Partners 
 Google Inc. 
 Henry Schein Inc. 
 Hospira Inc. 
 Houston Rockets 
 JM Eagle 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 Johns Manville Corp. 
 LM Ericsson Telephone Company 
 Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 Microsoft Corporation 
 NFL Enterprises LLC 
 National Basketball Association 
 Novartis AG 
 Papa John's International Inc. 
 Petrobras 
 Plantronics Inc. 
 R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. Inc. 
 RD Legal Funding LLC 
 Skechers USA Inc. 
 StreetEasy Inc. 
 The Boeing Company 
 Trump Organization Inc. 
 VEON Ltd. 
 Vectren Corp. 
 VimpelCom Ltd. 
 Vizio Inc. 
 Wal-Mart Stores Inc. 
 Westinghouse Electric Corp. 
 World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. 
 Zeughauser Group LLC 
 EFTA00032978
known she had consented to an arbitration pact when she failed to opt out of 
 the agreement, the firm told a California federal court Wednesday. Read full 
 article » 
 Judge Taps Public Defender For Shapiro's Accused Killer 
 The Illinois state court judge overseeing the murder case against 
 the accused killer of Mayer Brown LLP appellate practice leader Stephen 
 Shapiro tapped the Cook County Public Defender's Office to represent the 
 man on Thursday after learning he has no money to pay for private 
 representation. Read full article » 
 Bombardier Lands New General Counsel 
 Montreal -based Bombardier Inc. has found its new top lawyer in Alain 
 Rondeau, who is set to replace the outgoing general counsel when he retires 
 at the end of the year, the company said Thursday. Read full article » 
 Female Lawyers Group Slams 'Patronizing' Kavanaugh 
 The National Association of Women Lawyers has rated D.C. Circuit Judge 
 Brett Kavanaugh "not qualified" for the U.S. Supreme Court over his record 
 on women's rights issues such as abortion, calling one of his recent writings 
 "patronizing" and "inflammatory," though otherwise finding him "supportive of 
 women professionally." Read full article » 
 Law360's Weekly Verdict: Legal Lions & Lambs 
 Paul Hastings LLP leads this week's pride of legal lions, notching four wins 
 for Google at the Patent Trial and Appeal Board, while Jones Day and its co-
 counsel landed on the legal lambs list after juries hit client R.J. Reynolds with 
 a pair of product liability verdicts totaling $113.3 million. Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Corporate Associate (New York Office) 
 McCarter & English. LLP 
 New York. New York 
 Associate 
 Mendes & Mount, LLP 
 New York. New York 
 Jr IP litigator/BigLaw NYC 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York. New York 
 Employment Associate! NY mid-size law 
 fi rm 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York. New York 
 NJ top firm seeks NYC Law Ptr tired of 
 commuting 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 Short Hills. New York 
 Intellectual Property — Patent Agent 
 Troutman Saunders 
 New York. New York 
 Intellectual Property - Patent Agent 
 (Biology) 
 Troutman Sanders 
 New York. New York 
 Partner - Corporate mid market or 
 Litigation 
 Anderson Kill 
 New York. Philadelphia or Newark, New York 
 Junior and Mid•Level Associates for 
 D&O/Financial Lines Coverage & 
 Litigation Group 
 Kennedys CMK LLP 
 New York. New York 
 L&E Partner -Mid-sized NYC law firm 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York City. New York 
 40 lawyer top notch full service firm 
 seeks mid-level corp associate 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York. New York 
 Corporate Associate (New York Office) 
 McCarter & English, LLP 
 New York. New York 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 California Supreme Court 
 Consumer Financial Protection 
 Bureau 
 Department of Commerce 
 European Union 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 International Trade Commission 
 New York Attorney General's Office 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 Texas Supreme Court 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 United States Bankruptcy Court for 
 the Southern District of New York 
 Not sine if your firth subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 EFTA00032979
However. if you'd rather not receive future entails of this sat. 
 you may imsubscribe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer suppon inquiries, please call +I-696-181.7l00 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360 I Ponfolio Media. Inc. Ill West 19th Street. Sth Floor. New York, NY [Pall 
 EFTA00032980
From: (USANYS)" 
 To: (USANYS)" alMIE> 
 Subject: FW: 
 Date: Thu, 29 Apr 2021 14:35:58 +0000 
 Attachments: 20cr330_Sealed_Order_4.23.21.pdf; 2021-04-21_Letter_to_Hon._Alison_J._Nathan.pdf 
 She just called to talk this over — I can fill you in later. Basically she's getting a draft later this afternoon that we can review 
 then. 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, April 29, 2021 10:32 AM 
 To: (USANYS) (USANYS) < >; 
 (USANYS) ‹> 
 ) 
 ) • > 
 Cc: 
 Subject: 
 (USANYS) 
 We're working on drafting a letter in response to the attached, and wanted to give you a heads up. We hope to have a 
 draft for you this afternoon, in the hopes of sending the draft to defense counsel tonight as part of the meet-and-confer 
 directed by Judge Nathan. I think that leaves sufficient time for filing tomorrow. 
 Although we're mindful of third party privacy interests, for non-parties who are neither witnesses nor victims in the case, I 
 do have concerns about entertaining redaction/intervention requests, given the high volume of people who may ask to be 
 heard or assert a right to review and redact documents if this were entertained. 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032018
From: ' 
 ) 11 <I 
 To: ' 
 Cc: "M, 
 ) 
 Subject: RE: Human trafficking 
 Date: Wed, 18 Dec 2019 22:39:48 +0000 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 1" <I 
 Thanks very much — we do happen to have this one, but please don't hesitate to send along anything you see on the 
 Epstein case, we appreciate it. 
 thanks again, 
 From: (USANYS) [Contractor] 1 
 Sent: Monday, December 16, 2019 15:27 
 To: 
 Cc: ) 1 < 
 Subject: Human trafficking 
 > 
 I believe you have the associated investigation related to this SAR. It does not show a law enforcement contact, so I 
 wanted to make sure you have seen it. 
 Financial Investigator 
 Money Laundering 8. Transnational Criminal Enterprises Unit 
 United StatesAttome s Office Southern District of New York 
 ASRC Federal I Customer-Focused. Operationally Excellent 
 EFTA00032981
From: " 
 To: " 
 It 
 > 
 ■)" S 
 Subject: Accepted: Gov't reply to Epstein bail motion due 
 Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2019 20:43:33 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00032982
Event: Accepted: Gov't reply to Epstein bail motion due 
 Start Date: 2019-07-12 21:00:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2019-07-12 21:30:00 +0000 
 Location: Berman 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Comment: 
 Date Created: 2019-07-09 00:43:05 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2019-07-09 00:43:05 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2019-07-08 20:42:04 +0000 
 Attendee: < 
 EFTA00032983
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: Accepted: Epstein bail hearing 
 Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2019 20:43:37 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00032984
Event: Accepted: Epstein bail hearing 
 Start Date: 2019-07-15 14:00:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2019-07-15 14:30:00 +0000 
 Location: 17B (Berman) 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Comment: 
 Date Created: 2019-07-09 00:43:06 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2019-07-09 00:43:06 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2019-07-08 20:41:19 +0000 
 Attendee 
 EFTA00032985
From: ' 
 To:" 
 Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
 Date: Tue, 09 Jul 2019 15:26:30 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 r  
 Thanks Susan! 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, July 8, 2019 7:58 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
 Saw you picked up a new case today — you go girl! 
 Susan G. Kellman Esq. 
 Fellow, American College of Trial Lawyers 
 Super Lawyer, Since 2013 
 Disclaimer 
 This Electronic Message contains information from the Law Offices of Susan G. Kellman, and may be 
 privileged, confidential, or contain attorney work-product. This information is intended for the use of the 
 addresssee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or other use 
 of the content of this message is prohibited. 
 EFTA00032986
From: ' 
 < 
 To: (USANYS)" < 
 Subject: Re: Moore murder 
 Date: Wed, 10 Jul 2019 01:56:55 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Amazing. Thank you! 
 On Jul 9, 2019, at 9:38 PM, 
 Sure canl 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, July 9, 2019 8:35 PM 
 To: 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: Moore murder 
 (USANYS) < > wrote: 
 Hey there, 
 Sorry we haven't been able to connect in a while. Are you still able to handle the immunity package for LEXUS and RICO 
 memo for the VICAR murder charge against J-Rock and Sauce? I'm totally swamped with this Epstein stuff and won't be 
 able to turn to that stuff until next week at the earliest. Would be amazing if you could handle. 
 Thanks very much, 
 EFTA00032987
From: 
 Sent: Monday. July 8.2019 7:40 AM 
 To: 
 Subject: Scanned from a Xerox Multifunction Printer 
 Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Multifunction Printer. 
 Attachment File Type: pdf, Multi-Page 
 Multifunction Printer Location: 290 Broadway 9th FI, NY, NY 10038 
 Device Name: P290BWAY-MSSTF-MFD 
 For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit http://www.xerox.com 
 EFTA00032988
Empty content found in page 1078
Empty content found in page 1079
From: "Biase, Nicholas (USANYS)"
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: https://www.theguardian.corn/boolcs/2021/sep/13/steve-bannon-jeffrey-epstein-cbs-interyiew-
 michael-wolff-book 
 Date: Mon, 13 Sep 2021 15:56:21 +0000 
 This isn't important, just sending because it's in the category of somewhat interesting/general weirdness. 
 Nicholas Biase 
 Spokesman 
 United States Department of Justice 
 U.S. Attorney's Office I Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032019
Empty content found in page 1080
From: (NY) (FBI) 
 Subject: Availability to assist in Interviews 
 To: NY-C19; (NY) (FBI) 
 Cc: 
 Sent: August 12, 2019 7:31 AM (IJTC-04:00) 
 All - 
 , and I have been requested to conduct a number of interviews today of BOP employees regarding the 
 Epstein matter. Please respond if you are available to help us out today. We will figure out the logistics this morning 
 and then let whoever can help out know what's needed... 
 Thanks! 
 EFTA00032992
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: !!REMINDER!! Know Your Rights 
 Date: Monday, August 12, 2019 12:59:05 PM 
 Attachments: 
 Good Afternoon All: 
 If you are called for an interview by the agency or a representative of the agency (ie. FBI, AUSA, OIA, OIG), you 
 are required to report the interview. You are required to be truthful. 
 In line with your Weingarten rights, once at the interview you have the right to request a Union Representative. In 
 line with the rights afforded to any other US citizen, during a criminal investigation, you have the right to invoke 
 your 5th amendment right to remain silent until your attorney is present 
 Blessings to all. 
 In Unity! 
 1 don't cheat to win, I'd rather lose." - Serena Williams 
 EFTA00032993
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: Epstein, Reg. No. 76318-059 
 Date: Saturday, August 10, 2019 6:19:05 PM 
 Attachments: TEXT.htm 
 Psych Ops discontinued on 7/30/18 at 8:15 am 
 EFTA00032994
From: 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: 1/M companion assumed duties from staff on 7/23/19 0 7 am until 7/24/19 0 8: 45 am (5/W) 
 Date: Monday, August 12, 2019 3:14:36 PM 
 Attachments: Th22111.(0 
 I/M companion assumed duties from staff on 7/23/19 @ 7 am until 7/24/19 @ 8: 45 am (S/W) 
 Epstein was transferred to psych observation on 7/24/19 @ 8:45 am until 7/30/19 at 8:15 am (VM companion was 
 utilized). 
 EFTA00032995
Mau— • 
 EFTA00032996
ENVELOPE 
 EMPTY 
 EFTA00032997
• • 
 FD -340c(4-11-03) 
 File Number  4n0- 3\S mo 
 Field Office Acquit* Evidence  
 Serial d ("Originating Document  N 
 Date Received  q- al - 
 From  ()(1)4,r\-1,--)Urs, lif\--)j CArr 577:1) 1 Dy--6n 
 or 
 (Address)
 (10 i) UCDOL Occ4 
 ( and Stale) 
 IbBeiteturned 0 Yes X] No 
 2 Receipt Given 0 Yes No 
 Grand Jury Material - Disseminate Only to Rule 6 (e) 
 Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure 
 O yes 
 Federal 'flamer Information (FIT) 
 ▪ Yes UN° 
 Th in unturtd_b\. 
 krid-',01; 
 :cr) 
 (Coimmadcatice Bodosing toistesbd) 
 Desatdoin 0 Original notes re interview 2020-01577 #2 
 LAor Packaging BI 
 2020-01577 #2 2020-01577 #2  
 Item 4 -f-to-6),V.- Item 5 
 ,.n 
 EFTA00032998
c pluA 
 29, 
 yfll 
 ) 
 kwe 
 9 , --
 15.1071 -- favie " Ann, 
 6
 , re r _6464 ( sActitecf 
 a-ne • • . r9-ttA ass-ve 
 C 
 r:,2) 
 yea"`7 1 / 4 474./s
 ip 
 a2-0 451; a 
 Si -go -es 0-U4 
 of -t5 
 EFTA00032999
MQP 
 MO Re14Catena 1.10 • 12 The Nerves • 6-8 NceltempIce Street • Janice NI 2HY 
 ennventembkelkeseem 
 CeprMi 02034 MO Publemone lm 
 mar Getty Neepeefitelon Arctee 
 Printed h On 
 EFTA00033000
From 
 To: eANYS)" ca, 
 Subject: Updated photo spreadsheet attached 
 Date: Tue, 14 Sep 2021 23:56:29 +0000 
 Attachments: !Photosfor GX_from_Griffeye_export_updated.xlsx 
 Paralegal Specialist 
 U.S. Attorney's Office I SDNY 
 1 Saint Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032020
• • • • • 
 • • • • • • • • • • • 
 • • • • • • • • • • • 
 • • • • • • • • • • • 
 • • • • • • s. • • • • 
 • • • • • • • -7 • • • (A 
 • • • 24Ik • • • • • • • 
 • • • • • • • • • • • 
 • • • • • • V • • • • • 
 • • • • • • • • • • • 
 • • • • • • • 40 • • • 
 • • • • • • 0" '? • • • 
 • 
 ."` • • • • • • • • • 
 • • • • • • • • • • e 
 • • ..44 
 • • 
 • • • • • • 
 • • • 
 • • • • 
 r • • 
 • • • • mi.. • • • • • 
 • • • • • • • • • • 
 *4 • • • • • • • • 
 • • • • • • • • • 
 4 • • • 
 9 • • 
 • • • 
 • 
 • • • 
 • • • • 6 
 • • 
 • • • • • • • 
 0 • 
 • • 
 • • • • • • • • •
 EFTA00033001
Rad-uptia-- dvyre4s4 9 PM"
 NIE AP/ /o,o0-7 
 CI INMATE NAME AND 
 PROPERLY 
 UNAUTHORIZED 
 NO APPROVAbON F 
 0 
 t? MA 
 GlifPR NUMBER ARE REQUIRED TO 
 REOPA2NT ita6seREsta.Nitr)
 AA 
 O UNATHORIZED PAr-95,SITAMEIGHING IlllicaS OF 
 SQUIRE AUTHO IC% 
 NO LONGER AT THIS ADE.FIE',4. 
 86 
 t ki c
 SE 751; — S 70 GLiir.; 
 g575 - 6 
 EFTA00033002
Empty content found in page 1092
Empty content found in page 1093
Empty content found in page 1094
Empty content found in page 1095
Empty content found in page 1096
Empty content found in page 1097
Empty content found in page 1098
Empty content found in page 1099
The language of the extradition treaty between the United States and France and the 
 applicable French statues are clear that anyone seeking to contest extradition on the basis of 
 French citizenship must be a French national at the time of the extradition request. (Id.1 II). 
 The provisions on which the government relies were not intended to apply in cases where the 
 person whose extradition is sought had lost French citizenship. To the contrary, it was 
 designed to apply to individuals who had acquired French citizenship subsequent to the 
 commission of the alleged crime "in order to avoid fraudulent nationality applications of 
 offenders seeking to escape extradition." (Id. TO 15-16). If the person is no longer a French 
 national at the time of the request, the provision does not apply. The government cites no case 
 where the relevant statute was applied to protect a formerly French national from extradition, 
 and we have found none ourselves. (kill 19-21). By contrast, there are numerous examples 
 of French courts deporting individuals who have lost French nationality following the 
 commission of an offense. (Id. ¶ 21). Accordingly, Mr. Julio concludes: "[I]t cannot have been 
 the intention of French lawmakers that Article 696-4 be construed as meaning that a person 
 who has lost French nationality would still be entitled to be protected from extradition." (Id. 
 ¶ 26). 
 Ms. Maxwell's agreement to give up both British and French citizenship and waive 
 any and all right to contest extradition is a fonnidable challenge to the assertion that Ms. 
 Maxwell would likely flee if released from custody and goes above and beyond the 
 "reasonable assurances" that the Bail Reform Act requires to grant bail. While we 
 maintain that Ms. Maxwell's written waivers of the right to challenge extradition should 
 suffice, her willingness to forfeit citizenship birthrights exceeds what is necessary and 
 profoundly demonstrates her commitment to abide by conditions of release and appear at 
 trial. 
 4 
 EFTA00031922
U.S. Department of Justice 
 United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 The Si/viol. Mollo Building 
 One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, New York 10007 
 September 15, 2021 
 BY ELECTRONIC MAIL 
 Christian Everdell, Esq. 
 Mark Cohen, Esq. 
 Cohen & Gresser LLP 
 800 Third Avenue 
 New York, NY 10022 
 Laura Menninger, Esq. 
 Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. 
 Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. 
 150 East Tenth Avenue 
 Denver, CO 80203 
 Bobbi Stemheim, Esq. 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
 33 West 19th Street-4th Fl. 
 New York, NY 10007 
 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
 Dear Counsel: 
 The Government expects to offer testimony from Computer Forensic Examiner Stephen 
 of the Federal Bureau of Investigation's ("FBI") Com uter Analysis Response Team 
 ("CART"). Although the Government believes that Examiner testimony will not require 
 admission through Rule 702 of the Federal Rules of Evidence, the Government nevertheless 
 provides notice of Examiner anticipated testimony in an abundance of caution. A copy 
 of Examiner curriculum vitae is being produced to you today bearing Bates number 3503-
 001. 1
 The Government anticipates that, if called as a witness, Examiner will testify about 
 his extraction of devices seized pursuant to court-authorized search warrants; user information 
 associated with certain of those devices; and documents and photographs extracted from certain 
 Examiner has previously testified regarding similar topics in federal court. As a courtesy, 
 the Government notifies you that Examiner MI has previously testified in federal court in 
 United States v. DiTomasso, 14 Cr. 160 (SAS), United States v. Hirst, 15 Cr. 643 (PKC), United 
 States v. Stasiv, 18 Cr. 259 (PKC), and United States v. Kelly, 19 Cr. 286 (AMD) (E.D.N.Y.). 
 EFTA00032021
Empty content found in page 1100
Empty content found in page 1101
Empty content found in page 1102
Empty content found in page 1103
Empty content found in page 1104
Empty content found in page 1105
Empty content found in page 1106
Empty content found in page 1107
Empty content found in page 1108
Empty content found in page 1109
Page 2 
 of those devices. The Government further anticipates that Examiner will also testify that 
 some of the devices on which he performed extractions were clones of device extractions that had 
 previously been performed by someone else. 
 The Government reserves the right to call additional expert witnesses and will promptly 
 provide notice if the Government elects to do so. 
 Request for Reciprocal Discovery and Expert Notice 
 The Government reiterates its April 23, 2021 request for reciprocal notice under Rule 
 16(b)(1)(C) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure regarding any expert witness that the 
 defendant intends to rely upon, including a written summary of any testimony that the defendant 
 intends to use under Rules 702, 703, or 705 of the Federal Rules of Evidence, as well as the 
 witness's qualifications. 
 Additionally, the Government reiterates its August 5, 2020 request for reciprocal discovery 
 under Fed. R. Crim. P. 16(b). Specifically, we request that you allow inspection and copying of: 
 (1) any books, papers, documents, data, photographs, tangible objects, buildings or places, or 
 copies or portions thereof, which are in the defendant's possession, custody or control, and which 
 the defendant intends to introduce as evidence or otherwise rely on at trial; and (2) any results or 
 reports of physical or mental examinations and of scientific tests or experiments made in 
 connection with this case, or copies thereof, which are in the defendant's possession or control, 
 and which the defendant intends to introduce as evidence or otherwise rely on at trial or which 
 were prepared by a witness whom the defendant intends to call at trial. 
 The Government also reiterates its August 5, 2020 request that the defendant disclose prior 
 statements of witnesses she will call to testify, including expert witnesses. See Fed. R. Crim. P. 
 26.2; United States v. Nobles, 422 U.S. 225 (1975). The Government requests that such material 
 be provided on the same basis upon which the Government agrees to supply the defendant with 
 3500 material relating to Government witnesses. 
 Very truly yours, 
 United States Attorney 
 by: s/ 
 Assistant United States Attorneys 
 EFTA00032022
Empty content found in page 1110
Empty content found in page 1111
Empty content found in page 1112
Empty content found in page 1113
Empty content found in page 1114
Empty content found in page 1115
Empty content found in page 1116
Empty content found in page 1117
Empty content found in page 1118
Empty content found in page 1119
From: " (USANYS)" <z> 
 To: " (USANYS)" < > 
 Subject: Meeting with =Epstein) 
 Date: Tue, 04 Dec 2018 16:25:41 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00032023
Empty content found in page 1120
Empty content found in page 1121
Empty content found in page 1122
Empty content found in page 1123
Empty content found in page 1124
Empty content found in page 1125
Empty content found in page 1126
Empty content found in page 1127
Empty content found in page 1128
Empty content found in page 1129
Event: Meeting with-(Epstein) 
 Start Date: 2018-12-04 22:30:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2018-12-04 23:30:00 +0000 
 Organizer: (USANYS) < > 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Date Created: 2018-12-04 16:34:37 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2018-12-04 16:34:37 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2018-12-04 16:25:38 +0000 
 Attendee: (USANYS) .<> 
 EFTA00032024
Empty content found in page 1130
Empty content found in page 1131
Empty content found in page 1132
Empty content found in page 1133
Empty content found in page 1134
Empty content found in page 1135
Empty content found in page 1136
Empty content found in page 1137
Empty content found in page 1138
Empty content found in page 1139
From: Kathleen DuPont 
 To:
 Cc: Tracy Uhrin < 
 Subject: GHISLAINE MAXWELL Removal Hearing 20mj 132-01 
 Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 18:13:03 +0000 
 Please note that in the District of New Hampshire, it is our practice to hide video and mute all 
 participants in a video conference who will not be speaking. 
 Please do not start your video or unmute yourself unless you are called upon by the court to 
 speak. 
 Kathy DuPont, Deputy Clerk/Case Manager 
 US District Court for the District of NH 
 55 Pleasant Street, Room 110 
 Concord, NH 03301 
 EFTA00032025
Empty content found in page 1140
Empty content found in page 1141
Empty content found in page 1142
Empty content found in page 1143
Empty content found in page 1144
Empty content found in page 1145
Empty content found in page 1146
Empty content found in page 1147
Empty content found in page 1148
Empty content found in page 1149
From: Thomas Brown <I 
 To: " 
 Cc: "I < 
 Subject: Computer Forensics - Budget Estimate 
 Date: Tue, 23 Jun 2020 20:29:21 +0000 
 Inline-Images: Unage001.png; image002.png 
 To follow up on our conversation late last week, here is an estimate that covers the scope of work that we discussed. 
 Here is what I would suggest as a statement of work: 
 Specific deliverables known at this time include receiving, inventorying and forensically processing approximately 57 
 devices (a mix of computer hard drives, mobile devices, and portable media); extracting and parsing relevant data from 
 those devices (parsing may involve, for example, review of backups, compressed files or other data that is not initially 
 categorized by forensic tools); creating Relativity load files; preparing summaries and analyses of the data; and briefing 
 the investigative team on the contractor's findings. 
 As to staffing the engagement, I would propose having two junior-level staff members conduct the review, to be 
 supervised and assisted as necessary by a senior staff member (a former FBI computer scientist). A managing director 
 would have overall responsibility for the project and would coordinate with SDNY. 
 As to timing: we are available to start work immediately. Estimated time to complete the engagement would be 30 days 
 (or less). 
 As to a budget, I would estimate between $85,000 to $135,000 as follows: 
 Position Rate Est. Hours (Lowl Fees Est. Hours (High) Est. Fees 
 Director $ 603.00 50 $ 30,150.00 75 $ 45,225.00 
 Staff $ 356.00 150 $ 53,400.00 250 $ 89,000.00 
 Total $ 83,550.00 Total $ 134,225.00 
 In addition to the foregoing hourly fees, we charge $200 per blank hard drive and $45 per blank thumb drive, to the 
 extent they are required; as well as a fixed fee of $500 per device image (basically an equipment and software recovery 
 fee for the specialized tools we use for forensics). 
 Thank you again for considering us for this important matter. 
 Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 Best regards, 
 Tom 
 Thomas Brown I Managing Director 
 Berkeley Research Group, LLC 
 I New York, NY 10019 
 I thinkbrg.com 
 EFTA00032026
Empty content found in page 1150
Empty content found in page 1151
Empty content found in page 1152
Empty content found in page 1153
Empty content found in page 1154
Empty content found in page 1155
Empty content found in page 1156
Empty content found in page 1157
Empty content found in page 1158
Empty content found in page 1159
•BRG 
 BERKELEY RESEARCH GROUP. LLC  (TOGETHER WITH ITS AFFIUATES,"BRG" - NOTICE 
 THIS EMAIL TRANSMISSION AND ANY ATTACHMENTS HERETO CONTAIN INFORMATION FROM BRG WHICH MAY BE CONFIDENTIAL AND PRIVILEGED. THE INFORMATION 
 IS INTENDED FOR THE SOLE USE OF THE INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY TO WHOM IT IS ADDRESSED. IF YOU ARE NOT THE INTENDED RECIPIENT, YOUR USE, DISSEMINATION, 
 FORWARDING, PRINTING OR COPYING OF THIS INFORMATION IS PROHIBITED. 
 TAX ADVICE DISCLOSURE 
 ANY TAX ADVICE CONTAINED IN THIS COMMUNICATION (INCLUDING ANY ATTACHMENTS) IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE 
 PURPOSE OF (I) AVOIDING PENALTIES UNDER THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OR (II) PROMOTING, MARKETING OR RECOMMENDING TO ANOTHER PARTY ANY 
 TRANSACTION OR MATTER ADDRESSED HEREIN. 
 BRG IS (I) NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE LEGAL ADVICE AND (II) NOT A CPA FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE AUDIT, ATTEST OR PUBLIC ACCOUNTING 
 SERVICES. 
 EFTA00032027
Empty content found in page 1160
Empty content found in page 1161
Empty content found in page 1162
Empty content found in page 1163
Empty content found in page 1164
Empty content found in page 1165
Empty content found in page 1166
Empty content found in page 1167
Empty content found in page 1168
Empty content found in page 1169
From: 
 To: (USANYS)" <1 
 Cc: a"NNa;i 
 I. 11
 allir 
 Subject: Re: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 23:19:03 +0000 
 We haven't but definitely will, thanks. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Jul 2, 2020, at 19:15, (USANYS) < wrote: 
 Have you run this budget/project by Ed yet? If not, would you mind doing so tomorrow or when you next can. Please 
 copy me and make clear it is on Epstein/Maxwell. Thanks. 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 5:11 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS)
 .fl 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 cS; 
 Following up on the below, I think we've given this our absolute best efforts with FBI — they are now well over a month 
 later than their estimate from April on when we would get the New York materials, they're also past their estimate of 
 getting us the New York materials from just this Monday, and we don't have anything close to an estimate on the USVI 
 materials, which constitute the overwhelming majority of the data and are vastly more voluminous than the New York 
 devices. We have kept pushing the timeline back for this option, hoping that CART will finalize, but I think at this point 
 we should have a vendor do it. 
 Attached is an estimate we got from BRG, which would get everything to us in under a month, and in Relativity-friendly 
 format, in a range of $85-135K. BRG has done this for our office multiple times in the past and are very effective and 
 efficient, and they get the materials we need. And most importantly, they estimate they can do it all in less than a 
 month. May we have approval to seek funding for this? The estimate is attached. Thanks very much. 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 30, 2020 16:23 
 To: 
 (NY) 
 (FBI)' 
 aMl>; 
 (USANYS) (Contractor) 
 Cc: (USANYS) < . (NY) (FBI) <->, 
 ) <->; < (NY) (FBI) 
 `->; 
 (USANYS) <:. 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Checking in for the estimate of when we can expect to get all the USVI materials? 
 thanks, 
 EFTA00032028
Empty content found in page 1170
Empty content found in page 1171
Empty content found in page 1172
Empty content found in page 1173
Empty content found in page 1174
Empty content found in page 1175
Empty content found in page 1176
Empty content found in page 1177
Empty content found in page 1178
Empty content found in page 1179
From: 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 13:00 
 To: (NY) (FBI) 
 1. ;
 (USANYS) [Contractor] <E> 
 Cc: (USANYS) (NY) (FBI) < 
 ) 
 ca; 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 Okay thanks - good luck with the cardiologist! And if you can let us know tomorrow that would be great. Thanks again. 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 12:59 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Cc: (USANYS); . (NY) (FBI) < 
 ) <>; 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 c > ; 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 When Fm in the office tomorrow, I will be better able to estimate. Fm at my cardiologist right now. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 29, 2020 12:56 PM, 
 r e < 
 > wrote: 
 Great, thanks. Is there even a rough estimate of when we will get the USVI materials? Or an estimate of when you'll be 
 able to see how many items to export, so we'll have a better sense of when we'll get those? 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 12:55 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 ) 
 < M>; 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Yep 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 . (NY) (FBI) < 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 On Jun 29, 2020 12:52 PM, 
 )II < 
 > wrote: 
 EFTA00032029
Empty content found in page 1180
Empty content found in page 1181
Empty content found in page 1182
Empty content found in page 1183
Empty content found in page 1184
Empty content found in page 1185
Empty content found in page 1186
Empty content found in page 1187
Empty content found in page 1188
Empty content found in page 1189
Okay, and I'm sorry to ask again, but to make sure, in this production, you're sending us new versions of what you 
 previously sent? 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 12:50 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <
 Cc: (USANYS)  ›; (NY) (FBI) <->; 
 ) c>; ) c> 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 sc ›; 
 (USANYS) <a> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 You are getting both NY and USVI. The biggest stumbling block are the newer Mac items that are in APFS 
 (there are a bunch from the Island,) so it is difficult to estimate how long those will take until I see how many 
 items I have to export. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 29, 2020 l2:40 PM,' 
 < 
 > wrote: 
 Okay thanks, and just to clarify, a few days to finalize the New York materials, and then what about the USVI materials? I 
 think that is quite a bit more. Just looking for an estimated completion date for everything. 
 And on my other question — does this mean you're giving us a new, complete copy of everything from both NY and 
 USVI? 
 thanks, 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <MI> 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 12:34 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <=1>, 
 Cc: (USANYS)  >; (NY) (FBI) < 
 ) c ›; 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 c >; 
 (USANYS)<a> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 I am in the process ofAtoorting the materials (documents, spreadsheets, emails, etc) for your review as per 
 my discussions with =. Most of the NY stuff is done, just Mac items left. This might take a few days as I 
 item in particular has over 500,000 emails. We will be able to provide discovery once Defense Council has 
 provided drives for us to copy items over to. This goes quicker as there is no processing involved. I'll let you 
 know when everything is complete. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 EFTA00032030
Empty content found in page 1190
Empty content found in page 1191
Empty content found in page 1192
Empty content found in page 1193
Empty content found in page 1194
Empty content found in page 1195
Empty content found in page 1196
Empty content found in page 1197
Empty content found in page 1198
Empty content found in page 1199
Monitoring of Assets is a Valid and Significant Condition of Relestsc 
 To address the Court's concern about Ms. Maxwell's access to assets, the bail 
 motion proposed another extremely significant and restrictive bail condition — the 
 imposition of a monitor to supervise the assets of Ms. Maxwell and her spouse and 
 approve expenditures. Rather than suggest conditions to satisfy its concerns, the 
 government urges the Court to summarily reject the proposed monitorship. 
 William S. Duffey, Jr., a retired federal district court judge and the former United 
 States Attorney for the Northern District of Georgia, has agreed to undertake appointment by 
 the Court as asset monitor. Judge Duffey has extensive experience evaluating and monitoring 
 funds held in and disbursed from financial accounts. He has agreed to serve by appointment of 
 the Court in a capacity similar to other trustees and receivers who serve as officers of the Court 
 and are entrusted, pursuant to court order, with oversight authority to restrain, monitor, and 
 approve disbursement of assets requiring his signature. Similar to others who have been 
 appointed by courts to oversee financial matters, Judge Duffey will be compensated at the same 
 hourly rate billed for his services as an ADR panelist for Federal Arbitration (FedArb). 
 The proceeds from the sale of Ms. Maxwell's London home will be restrained and 
 monitored by Judge Duffey. As required by court order, documentation concerning the 
 proceeds of the sale will be provided to Judge Duffey and the funds will be deposited in the 
 financial account approved by Judge Duffey. 
 The government tries to steer the Court's attention to allegations of Ms. Maxwell's lack 
 of candor to dissuade the Court from considering the proposed monitorship as a meaningful 
 restraint on the assets of Ms. Maxwell and her spouse. As previously stated, despite being 
 questioned by Pretrial Services following a period of solitary confinement, suicide watch, sleep 
 5 
 EFTA00031923
On Jun 29, 2020 11:03 AM, 
 IMM 
 < > wrote: 
 Following up on this, I understand from that she was able to provide you with a 12 TB drive last week — could you 
 please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? I expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early as this 
 week. 
 Also, the related critical question that I don't think we have clarity on is whether you're giving us a copy of everything 
 that was collected (including reproducing the materials that you previously gave us, but which are not searchable), or 
 have you and figured out a way to categorize the prior productions so they're useful for us? We would strongly 
 prefer to just get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials 
 differently than that. 
 thanks, 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <MI> 
 Sent: Friday, June 19, 2020 13:14 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 Cc: (USANYS) (NY) (FBI) < 
 ) <a; ) 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 >; (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 We are going every other day now, ramping up to 75% week after next. I need drives to put things on like 
 and I discussed earlier. Once I have those drives, it will take me a couple days to copy stuff. LMK when I can 
 expect the drives. Thanks. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 19, 2020 1:09 PM,' 
 < 
 wrote: 
 following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
 urgent. Thanks. 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, June 17, 2020 14:28 
 To: (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] <M> 
 Cc: (NY) (FBI)  <a>; a 
 ) <EM); (Ni (FBI) a›; 
 (USANYS) 
 c=a )
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Wanted to circle back on this and check in, particularly because we desperately need to get the results from the July and 
 September searches before moving forward with possible additional charges in the case. I know you had mentioned you 
 EFTA00032031
Empty content found in page 1200
Empty content found in page 1201
Empty content found in page 1202
Empty content found in page 1203
Empty content found in page 1204
Empty content found in page 1205
Empty content found in page 1206
Empty content found in page 1207
Empty content found in page 1208
Empty content found in page 1209
needed to push back your prior estimate of complete production by early June, by a couple weeks, so wanted to see 
 what the current estimate is? I don't think we've started to get anything yet but please correct me if I'm wrong. 
 thanks, 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <a. 
 Sent: Monday, June 01, 2020 16:28 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] c
 Cc: . (NY) (FBI)  
 c
 ) (NY) (FBI) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Will do. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 Cell 
 desk 
 On Jun I, 2020 4:26 PM,' 
 < 
 wrote: 
 Understood, and thanks for letting us know. Let's keep in touch both on timing and also on whether there's a way to 
 identify and categorize what's already been produced, or if we'll need to just get all the raw data at this stage and go 
 from there. 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Monday, June 01, 2020 16:23 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <IME:•; 
 Cc: (NY) (FBI) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) (FBI) .(=> 
 Unfortunately, recent events and our staffing levels have conspired to put a kink in just about everything. If we 
 can't make heads or tails of the stuff I've already produced, we'll do it again. They have told us that our staffing 
 levels will be steadily increasing over the next few weeks, but I'm going to have to push back my estimate by a 
 week or 2. Sorry about that. My next day in the office is Thursday, so I'll be able to see if I can easily identify 
 what I already gave you and many it to a reliable identifier. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 1, 2020 4:13 PM, '7 
 < 
 wrote: 
 Thanks for this update — we'll take a look and circle back if any questions. 
 EFTA00032032
Empty content found in page 1210
Empty content found in page 1211
Empty content found in page 1212
Empty content found in page 1213
Empty content found in page 1214
Empty content found in page 1215
Empty content found in page 1216
Empty content found in page 1217
Empty content found in page 1218
Empty content found in page 1219
Separately, to follow up on a question from the May 15 email below, the list has just five devices as still pending to be 
 transferred to us, and I think it's right that the plan is to reproduce all the materials so that we can get them in 
 searchable format, but just wanted to confirm? Currently, we aren't able to match any of the prior productions to 
 specific devices — so if we're able to match them up by Bates number now, that might work, but otherwise I think it 
 makes sense for us to get everything. But let us know if any issue with that. 
 And related to that question, are we still on track to get the full range of data in the next week or so? I don't think we've 
 gotten any updates on that status in the past few weeks, and we're eager to be able to start reviewing. 
 thanks again, 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Friday, May 29, 2020 12:53 
 To: 
 Cc: >; 
 (NY) (FBI) <->; 
 Subject: Re: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Updated item descriptions. Just a side note, many thumb drives and SD cards will not have a serial number 
 visible externally, but will report one through our tools. I included those electronically reported serial 
 numbers. Any questions, let me know. 
 FBI NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Examiner 
 From: 
 ) 
 Sent: Friday, May 15, 2020 4:11 PM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) <:1.>: 
 Cc: 
 (NY) (FBI) < >; 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 (NY) (FBI) < 
 Thanks for this, it's a helpful start. In terms of being able to write our search warrant, one additional piece of 
 information we need is the serial number, or some other specific identifier, ideally for each device but at least for any 
 device that there is more than one of the same thing. So for example, we need to be able to somehow differentiate the 
 following devices — 
 The two Dell power edge T310 hard drives (NYCO24323 and NYCO24324) 
 The two Sony Vaio laptop / Fujitsu hdd (NYCO24336 and NYCO24337) 
 the following loose storage devices: 
 o Micro SD card (NYCO24339) 
 o Flash Drive (generic) (NYCO24340) 
 o Thumbdrive (Emtec) (NYCO24341) 
 EFTA00032033
Empty content found in page 1220
Empty content found in page 1221
Empty content found in page 1222
Empty content found in page 1223
Empty content found in page 1224
Empty content found in page 1225
Empty content found in page 1226
Empty content found in page 1227
Empty content found in page 1228
o hard drive (loose) (NYCO24342) 
 o verbatim thumbdrive (NYCO24343) 
 The four San Disk cruzer-thumbdrives (NYCO24344-47) 
 The three Seagate IDE hard drives (NYCO24348-50) 
 The camera SD card (NYCO24351) 
 I think the rest of the devices are either specifically distinguishable and/or have an S/N listed. (By comparison, the USVI 
 spreadsheet we have lists an s/n for about 20 of the 25(ish) devices. 
 The other thing we're looking for is the location in the house (and ideally specific location) for each device, which the 
 USVI list also has — is that info available? 
 The list also has just five devices as still pending to be transferred to us, and I think it's right that the plan is to reproduce 
 all the materials so that we can get them in searchable format, but just wanted to confirm? Currently, we aren't able to 
 match any of the prior productions to specific devices — so if we're able to match them up by Bates number now, that 
 might work, but otherwise I think it makes sense for us to get everything. But let us know if any issue with that. 
 thanks very much, 
 IM• 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Thursday, May 14, 2020 15:54 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Cc: >; 
 > 
 (NY) (FBI) < >; (NY) (FBI) 
 Subject: Re: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Here is The listing of all the evidence gathered in NY that I have. I added some columns to guide you to the 
 unique numbers CART NY uses fro their evidence. The template wasn't a slam dunk over, so I did what I could 
 to convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for 
 approximate size, it is in GB, totaled at the bottom and converted to TB. In the materials contained column, I 
 put what load file group the data was transferred over in (Mac, Windows, Loose Media, IDE, or Blacklight) If 
 there is no entry in that column, that data has yet to be transferred. There are 2 Macs and a DVR you don't 
 have as well as an iPhone and an iPad. IF the descriptions are a bit light, let me know and I'll do what I can to 
 beef them up. I will get you the Island stuff tomorrow. 
 FBI NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Examiner 
 From: 
 ) 
 Sent: Wednesday, May 13, 2020 12:25 PM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) < >; 
 Cc: 
 (NY) (FBI) < (NY) (FBI) < 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 > 
 EFTA00032034
Respectfully, I think there are some miscommunications here — all we have asked is to receive the materials in a format 
 such that we can view them using a system we have access to. We're not able to get web-enabled access through any 
 FBI tool, so we asked for the materials to be transferred in a loadable format so we could put them on Relativity, which 
 both we and the agents can access. We're required to have the files in a format that we can produce them to defense 
 counsel. I've done that in many other cases and it hasn't previously been an issue. My understanding from is that 
 the best way to do it now is just for us (the U.S. Attorney's Office) to get the original files, which our vendor will process 
 —by which I just mean converting into file formats that are loadable onto Relativity. It doesn't really have anything to 
 do with the taint review—we have to have access to the docs in our systems for discovery purposes. 
 And we were happy to get the materials as they were processed, but when we received the 1.1 million documents 
 earlier this year, they were in a format that wasn't usable for the reasons described in the email I sent on March 9. 
 Again, I understand from that the best way forward is to just get copies of the materials in their original formats, 
 which I understand will be segregated and designated by device. That should work for usl I was just trying to 
 understand the approach, as well as the timeline. 
 thanks, 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <a> 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 13:03 
 To:   .; (USANYS) [Contractor) 
 Cc: 
 (NY) (FBI) <->, 
 Subject: Re: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 Just to be clear. The US Attorney's Office (or it's contractors) are not "processing" anything. You are taking files 
 that I will be extracting from processed evidence and putting them into an E-Discovery tool (Relativity) to do a 
 taint review. 
 Relativity is NOT a forensic tool. It is incapable of dealing with many things that are found forensically on a 
 computer like free space, slack space, and system files to name a few. When we started this, and you insisted 
 you do the taint review in Relativity, I warned you that it was adding months worth of work on top of what 
 was already done, and that Relativity was incapable of viewing everything. You insisted we do it this way. So 
 now and I have come up with a way to fit this round peg into this square hole. We will get it done. 
 Sorry it has taken so long, but we are talking about terabytes worth of data over multiple forms of digital 
 evidence. Phones, tablets, loose media, cameras, DVRs, servers, laptops, and desktop computers. We have 
 gotten past encryption on multiple devices. When we review devices on such large cases, we usually do it 
 piece by piece as things are processed, I was unaware that you didn't want to review as things were 
 processed, that you wanted to do it "all at once", so that added to the delay. Sorry for that. Just a 
 differentiation of methodology I suppose. 
 and I feel confident that the method we have come up with will be more consistent and preserve the 
 attribution of files to devices and links of e-mails to attachments that the load file generation that I did a while 
 back was lacking. 
 EFTA00032035
FBI NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Examiner 
 From: 
 )'`t )
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 11:33 AM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 Cc:
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Okay, so just to check, you both think that there is not a need to do a test run? You're both comfortable with just 
 basically sending us copies of everything? I don't totally understand why we couldn't have done that eight months ago, 
 but regardless of the passage of time, I want to make sure we understand so we can report to our supervisors. I assume 
 that means that we (at the U.S. Attorney's Office and through contractors) will therefore need to do all the processing 
 ourselves, correct? And thanks again to you both. 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 11:30 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Like said in his earlier email. It will be the raw data and it will be marked so it is easier to attribute it to a 
 particular device. Problem now is how to get the data to since he is teleworking. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On May 12, 2020 11:15 AM, " 
 ys < 
 I have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 11:11 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 > wrote: 
 I will use the spreadsheet, no problem. and I ironed out all the details. We've got a good plan moving 
 forward that will meet your needs. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 EFTA00032036
desk 
 On May 12, 2020 10:34 AM, ' 
 ),, < 
 wrote: 
 , it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
 make sure we get all the info we need. I think you had previously sent us a list of certain information that unfortunately 
 wasn't helpful for us, so we want to make sure we're all on the same page. 
 In terms of data transfer, are you just sending a literal copy of all the raw data, and we'll process and upload it 
 on our end? I ask to make sure we don't lose any searchability — when FBI sent versions before, it had already been 
 processed. I think what we talked about on the phone a month ago was getting, for example, data from one device to 
 make sure it transfers correctly, before sending over literally everything — is that still the plan? 
 thanks, 
 From: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 10:27 
 To: 
 Cc: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 > 
 Hello M, 
 Me and just finished our phone call regarding the data. will put together a list of the all of the data 
 and where the data was collected. I will work to send some hard drives to so he can begin to copy the data and 
 send it to us. I will need to figure out a way to get the data off of the hard drives. 
 Please let us know if there are any questions. 
 Thank you. 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, May 8, 2020 2:15 PM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) (USANYS) <
 I (NY) (FBI) <—>; (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 >; 
 (FBI) < 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review 
 the returns in early June. Thanks again. 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Friday, May 08, 2020 14:14 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 (NY) (FBI) <->; (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 (NY) 
 EFTA00032037
(FBI) <
 , 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 There has been talk of us returning to normal soon, so I don't think it will effect the timeline I initially gave 
 you. If it does, I'll let you know. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On May 8, 2020 1:58 PM, " 
 < 
 wrote: 
 Understood, thanks—it will be great to get that list on Thursday. As a refresh, the info we are looking for is in the 
 attached spreadsheet template. 
 On the returns themselves, do the changes you mentioned mean that the estimate of a month from now for complete 
 transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
 estimate would be, so we can factor that in? Thanks very much. 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <E> 
 Sent: Friday, May 08, 2020 13:50 
 To: (USANYS) 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 c >; 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor]
 (FBI) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 C 
 (NY) 
 Sony for the delay, they reduced us to 1 day a week, so things have been stretched out by a factor of 5. I will be 
 back in the office on Thursday and will be able to get you the list then as I have to access some of our systems 
 to do so. 
 Also, , please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On May 8, 2020 12:10 PM, " 
 PO < 
 wrote: 
 Following up on the below, I think you had said you expected to be able to get us a list of the devices seized from the 
 search warrants at Epstein's residences in New York and the USVI, as well as from his person upon arrest, in about a 
 month (during our conference call a month ago) — so wanted to check if we can still expect that very soon? We're 
 waiting on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current 
 timeline — and also the current timeline on producing the results from those August and September searches? I think 
 you and I= were going to coordinate on that, and you had mentioned you expected we'd have it a couple months 
 from our call, which would be about a month from now. Wanted to make sure we're still on track. 
 thanks, 
 EFTA00032038
From: (NY) (FBI) <i 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 07, 2020 15:27 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 . (NY) (FBI) <>; (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] <a>; 
 ca; 
 (NY) 
 (FBI) <> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) 
 Ok let's plan on 11am tomorrow morning, I am trying to get an FBI line with a larger capacity but I won't know until 
 tomorrow am. I will push it out when confirmed. 
 Thanks 
 From: ) [mailto: 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 07, 2020 3:15 PM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) <>; (USANYS) < >; 
 . (NY) (FBI) <>; (USANYS)
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <M> 
 < 
 . (NY) (FBI) <=> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Yes, I can do anytime tomorrow, and Rozier can also join anytime tomorrow. So whenever is good on your end. 
 Also, we can host a conference call, but only up to six lines at a time — so if FBI has larger capacity than that let us know, 
 otherwise I'd propose we do: 
 3 ) I= 
 4) MI 
 5) 
 6) /M, if either of you wants to join (and if not, one of 
 From: (NY) (FBI) < 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 07, 2020 14:13 
 To: (USANYS)
 Cc: 
 • 
 (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] <I>; 
 (FBI) <> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Are you available tomorrow for a conference call to discuss this issue? 
 (NY) 
 EFTA00032039
SSA 
 FBI New York 
 On Apr 7, 2020 I :55 PM, ' wrote: 
 Following up on this from a month ago — I know we're living in a different world than what existed four weeks ago, but 
 are you at all able to assist while working remotely? This has been pending for almost two months and we still don't 
 have a very basic list of each device or item that was seized and searched, or for which of those we've received 
 materials. We're happy to have a call if that would be useful, but as a first step the most basic thing we're looking for is 
 the info in the template spreadsheet we sent earlier (that's also attached). 
 thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, March 09, 2020 12:00 
 To: (NY) (FBI) c:I>;  (USANYS)<>; 
 I (NY) (FBI) < >; (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 <a; 
 (FBI) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 <1 7 '; 
 (NY) 
 Unfortunately I don't think this is very helpful to us. Did you take a look at the example spreadsheet I sent on 2/24? The 
 excel file you sent has descriptions that don't match up to the items listed in the search warrant returns (that we sent on 
 2/23), and we don't have the 1B or CART numbers to be able to cross-reference. We also can't tell what you mean by 
 "loose media" without a specific comparison to what was seized, we don't know which items you're referring to as 
 "Windows machines," and we can't tell whether the entirety of any particular item has been transferred, or just partial. 
 For example, it looks like we have gotten very, very few image files, which is surprising. 
 We have also encountered some very significant problems in trying to review the more than 1 million documents we 
 recently received: 
 The data we've received has no way to put any emails and attachments together. So if an email says, "see the 
 attached flight records," for example, we have no way of linking that up with the records themselves. Not only is 
 that a big problem for us in review, it's going to be a huge problem for producing the documents to defense 
 counsel. 
 The load file has no link to the native file, so when we load the data to the database, there's no way to have the 
 native files show up in the database. Because many of the files are too large to open in the viewer, it effectively 
 means that there are many files that are completely invisible to us. 
 - Related, the control numbers in the load file don't match up to the native files. So we have two sets of 
 numbers and no way to match up anything—that is, even if we were to try to go hunt down every individual 
 large file in the native files, it would be impossible. 
 So the data that we most recently got, we need to get in a form that addresses those issues, and we likely will need to 
 get a similar reproduction of the data we received a couple months ago. Otherwise we're sifting through more than a 
 million documents without much rhyme or reason. 
 EFTA00032040
deprivation, and other conditions adverse to her physical health and mental well-being, Ms. 
 Maxwell responded appropriately and accurately to questions posed by Pretrial Services which 
 were restricted to her personal assets. Since then, financial documents - collected and 
 professionally vetted by a highly respected accounting firm — have been submitted to the 
 government and the Court and provide full details and supporting documentation concerning 
 Ms. Maxwell's personal assets and those jointly held with the spouse. Further, no valid 
 challenge has been made to those submissions. 
 The government challenges the Court by inanely stating that if "the only way to keep 
 the defendant from using her assets to flee is to take away control of her assets, then she is too 
 great a risk to release." (Dkt.165 at 8.) This statement is fundamentally illogical as it 
 undermines most conditions of release. For example, the same could be said of electronic 
 monitoring — i.e., if the only way to keep a defendant from fleeing the jurisdiction is to place 
 him on home confinement with electronic monitoring, then he is too great a flight risk to 
 release. 3 The Court should readily dismiss this frivolous argument. Under the Bail Reform Act, 
 if there are appropriate conditions for release, bail should be granted. The conditions 
 collectively proposed in the previous and present bail applications provide ample assurance that 
 Ms. Maxwell will be present at trial. 
 3 Moreover, in an effort to further obtliscate the merits of Ms. Maxwell's bail application, the government 
 desperately argues that funds for legal services, presently held in attorney escrow accounts, would be 
 released and made available to support Ms. Maxwell as a fugitive. To suggest that defense counsel would 
 become accomplices to a violation of's court order shows utter disrespect for Ms. Maxwell's defense team. 
 In particular, New York counsel, who have spent the entirety of their legal careers practicing in this district 
 and establishing well-respected reputations among the bench and bar, take umbrage at the government's 
 callous assertion. 
 6 
 EFTA00031924
I've re-attached the spreadsheet we sent last week — I think that's a good place to start in terms of our necessary record-
 keeping, and we need that info at the very least, as well as anything else you think would be useful. Also attaching the 
 SW returns for reference. And again, we're happy to meet up anytime and hash all this out in person if that's useful. 
 thanks, 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Wednesday, March 04, 2020 16:36 
 To: 
 (NY) (FBI) <->; 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < 
 >; 
 (USANYS) 
 (FBI) <> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) 
 (NY) 
 Here is a listing of what I have already handed over in load files to the US Attorney's Office for taint review. Some points 
 of clarification: There were 9 IDE hard drives found in the Manhattan apartment, they turned out to be 3 copies of 3 
 drives (9 drives in total) from a July 2007 search on one of his properties. I only processed 3 (as they were all copies). All 
 the loose media from the NY apartment is included. All the Windows machines from the NY apartment are included. 
 Only 2 Macs from NY and 1 from the Island are included. 
 I will have to more closely coordinate with whoever is loading up Relativity with the remaining Macs as the tool 
 they have to be processed with does not easily re-name the load files. 
 Spreadsheet is attached. 
 NYO CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 (office) 
 (cell) 
 From: ) [mak°. 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 03, 2020 12:25 PM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) < >; 
 (NY) (FBI) c>; 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 . (NY) (FBI) c> 
 I could do Thursday morning, but I think it would be helpful for us to get the accounting in advance of the meeting so we 
 can figure out in advance what (if any) additional steps we need — is that possible? 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 03, 2020 09:59 
 To: (USANYS) < >; 
 (NY) (FBI) <->, 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < 
 (USANYS) 
 >; 
 >; 
 >; 
 (NY) 
 EFTA00032041
(FBI) 
 <a, 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Can we do Thursday morning? My network should be back by then and I can give you a good accounting. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Mar 2, 2020 11:15 AM, ' 
 Doing the weekly check in on this — is there a time this week when everyone can meet on this? 
 thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 17:38 
 To: . (NY) (FBI) dc>.; (USANYS) <a; 
 I (NY) (FBI) <>.; (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <I>; 
 te; 
 ca; 
 (NY) 
 wrote: 
 (FBI) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Totally understand about the network issues—we can relate. I do still think it will be helpful to all sit down together to 
 have an in-person discussion, to make sure everybody is on the same page. Are folks available for that next week? And 
 what I think would be most helpful to facilitate that would be a spreadsheet of each separate device referenced in the 
 two search warrant returns, with columns for whether we've dumped the contents, whether they've been reviewed 
 and/or transferred, what portions were transferred, etc. 
 Something roughly like the attached, with any other categories you think would be useful — and the info on the attached 
 is mostly hypothetical, obviously, just as examples. That will help us fully understand what's been reviewed, transferred, 
 and received so far, and what remains. 
 (Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — I think 
 FBI was going to do an initial screen to make sure no CP, and since I think the answer was no, we'll need to get those to 
 be able to review them as well.) 
 many thanks, 
 IM• 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) 
 Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 09:24 
 To: (USANYS) 
 (NY) (FBI) < (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <I>; 
 cc > 
 (F 8 I) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) 
 EFTA00032042
Sony for the delayed response. They are tearing out our old network and giving us a new one, they mandated 
 we delete old stuff (about 400 TB worth). Now that they are working on replacing the network, we can do only 
 local work. I should be able to give you an accounting of what is what. I can say, off the top of my head, that all 
 windows based items from the NY search have been handed over as well as all loose media. The CDs from NY 
 only contained pictures, no documents. There are still some Apple items from NY that need to be produced. As 
 far as the Island stuff goes, the 1st item on your spreadsheet, the "kitchen" mac has been produced. Still 
 working on the rest. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Feb 23, 2020 12:21 AM, 'I wrote: 
 Team, 
 Following up on the below from last weekend, I'm still not sure how we're addressing this so I thought it would make 
 sense for us to all schedule a (hopefully relatively brief) meeting to all get on the same page? We didn't hear back on 
 which files had previously been provided, but our tech folks did their best to differentiate, and we got access to the 
 materials yesterday and its well over a million documents, and we don't have any idea what we're looking at — i.e., 
 which devices the materials came from, whether it's full or partial results, how many more devices we have coming, etc. 
 Based on the attached search warrant returns, it looks like from the New York mansion (the PDF) there are 
 approximately 40 devices that would have storage (computers, hard drives, thumb drives, etc.) and that's not even 
 counting at least 60+ CDs. And then from the Virgin Islands (the Excel spreadsheet), at least more than 25 devices, 
 including multiple servers / server racks. 
 So we gotta know what we've already received, what remains, anticipated schedule, etc, and I know it's a lot of moving 
 pieces on all sides so wanted to loop in everybody at once. The case team will be in California this coming week from 
 Tuesday through Friday, but then I think generally around the first week of March, which will hopefully be plenty of time 
 to schedule a productive meeting. 
 thanks all, 
 From: 
 Sent: Saturday, February 15, 2020 16:30 
 To: (NY) (FBI) .:>; 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor]
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 ss 
 (NY) (FBI) <> 
 I'm not sure who's the exact right person to ask this, so wanted to get everybody on one email chain about it — I have 
 the hard drive that dropped off that has new Epstein search warrant materials, but it looks like there are also old 
 materials (that I think we had previously received and uploaded??) on the hard drive, and so I'm not sure what's new. 
 Just generally, and and I talked about this last week too, but it's basically impossible for us to keep track of what 
 we're getting, and what has been completed, without some kind of identification or labeling system, along with a list of 
 which devices have been extracted and downloaded. 
 EFTA00032043
So for example on the hard drive currently, there are 38 folders labeled "loadFiles" through "37loadFiles" with a 
 modified date of 11/14/19, which I think we may have already previously received — but I'm not sure, because we 
 haven't gotten any info on which folders match up to which devices, etc. And then there's another folder titled 
 "NYC024362" that has a modified date of 1/27/20, so I think that may be the materials we hadn't previously received? 
 That folder by itself has more than 600,000 items. 
 I don't want to give anything that we've already previously received and uploaded, and I can't tell from the folder 
 or file names whether everything on the drive is new, or whether just additional materials were saved onto it in addition 
 to what we already have. =, are you able to give us some guidance on this? Ultimately what we really need is a 
 spreadsheet of every device, whether it's been dumped (or partially dumped), and then identifying that same info —
 which device, and what materials from it — are being given to us with each data transfer. Otherwise I think 
 organizationally and for review purposes it will be a total disaster for us. 
 We're happy to have a meeting on this if that's helpful — and thanks everybody for the assistance. 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032044
Front 
 To 
 Subject: Re: good morning 
 Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 15:47:22 +0000 
 Thanks. 
 - I think I knew tha ere handling that. 
 - m suppose o mace arrangemen s o speak with eally just to say goodbye), but I can discuss CIDs 
 with him too. 
 - Always happy to talk. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 > On Jul 6, 2020, at 11:38 AM rote: 
 (before she went out on leave) have been handling the trust-related issues. 
 > I will take advantage of your wisdom as much as possible during the next two weeks. FYI, I received an email 
 at the end of last week from letting me know that he is now handling CIDs. (I have not sent him 
 any yet.) 
 > From: 
 > Sen • • 
 > To: 
 > Sub 
 > —Glad to hear that all is quiet. 
 > —Who from the Civil Division will be assigned to deal with Epstein trust-related matters? 
 > —You're kind to say so, but once you've given notice, it's better to leave sooner rather than later. Subject to 
 what 
 have to say, my tentative departure date is two weeks from today (July 20). I obviously would 
 be happy to discuss things Civil (or to review proposed CIDs) at any point until then. 
 > —My weekend was quiet. Pretty uneventful. Not unlike most other days except that I pretty much stayed away 
 from email. 
 > Sent from my iPhone 
 >> On Jul 6, 2020, at 10:32 AM, rote: 
 >> ThanksMillAll is quiet on my end. We are having a call with oday at 1:15 to discuss Epstein 
 trust -related matters. 
 EFTA00032045
>> I was thinking about you this morning and hoping that your departure date would not be too soon. 
 >> How was your weekend? 
 >> 
 >> Ori inal Messa e 
 » Fro 
 >> Sent: M nda ul 06 2020 10:24 AM 
 » To: 
 » Su . 
 >> Good morning. I hope that you had a nice weekend — to take a break from running(!). Any 
 news of note? None on my end. I'm hoping to speak with oday to sort out the logistics of my 
 departure. And more stuff along those lines. 
 >> Sent from my iPhone 
 EFTA00032046
From: ' 
 To: :M alirYS)1.1.==lts-,r)" 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Date: Tue, 07 Jul 2020 21:38:35 +0000 
 I'm at now and will be driving to White Plains tomorrow. I'm happy to pick up the drive today and drive it 
 to home tomorrow if that's workable. 
 From: (USANYS) <> 
 Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 5:37 PM 
 To: 
 < 
 Subject: FW: Epstein search warrant documents 
 <a; 
 Can we offer to do this? Or have an agent deliver it? This seems rife with problematic possibilities... 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 5:36 PM 
 To: (USANYS) (Contractor] a; 
 Cc: (USANYS) (NY) (FBI) <->; 
 c >; 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 c >; 
 (USANYS)< > 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 I'll see what we can arrange. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jul 7, 2020 5:34 PM,'1 (USANYS) [Contractor]" 
 wrote: 
 Hello MM, 
 Our office is not open and I am still working from home. Is it possible to have this data sent to my home? 
 Thank you. 
 From: 
 (NY) (FBI) <a' 
 Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 5:14 PM 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Cc: (USANYS) a); . (NY) (FBI) >; 
 ca; .; (NY) (FBI) 
 EFTA00032047
(USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Everything with the exception of a couple of items are ready. I will get you an actual number before I send it over. 
 We can send it over tomorrow. There will be ReadMe files included so it will be easy to see where the items came from. I 
 am a little worried about how the e-mail will present. While looking through on a spot check, the attachments are not 
 connected to the e-mails in the forensic tool. I believe it is a function of the e-mail client they were using to begin with. I 
 know that the attachments are a concern of yours. We may have to massage things a bit to get it right. Now that we are 
 working every day, and everything has been processed, it shouldn't be too big a deal. So far the export is about 350 GB. It 
 copies slowly because it is a ton of pretty small files. You are getting the whole ball of wax, here, Macs, Windows boxes, 
 loose media, etc. There will be a few iPhone and iPad reports, but unsure if I can get you those tomorrow as they very 
 often take a LONG time to copy. Again, lots of small files. If not tomorrow, the next day. 
 Are you around tomorrow? Reach out to me when you get the production so we can correct any problems we might 
 encounter. Thanks. 
 NYO CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 (office) 
 (cell) 
 From: ) [mailto 
 Sent: Tuesday, July 07, 2020 3:42 PM 
 To: <>(NY) (FBI) ; (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Cc: (USANYS). (NY) (FBI) <->, 
 (NY) (FBI) <:•• (USANYS) <=> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 I understand that some number of the devices are ready to come to us as early as today or tomorrow. Could you please 
 let us know the following information, so we can figure out who the hard drive should go to in the first instance: 
 1. How many total devices are coming to us in this initial production? 
 1. What are those devices — i.e., type of device and which ones, from the spreadsheets you've sent? 
 2. What's the total volume of data coming in this round of production? 
 Once we know that, I can let the agents know where the drive needs to go in the first instance. 
 thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 30, 2020 16:23 
 To: • (NY) (FBI)' sca; 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] <a 
 Cc: (USANYS) (NY) (FBI) <->;
 (NY) (FBI) 
 EFTA00032048
(USANYS) <
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Checking in for the estimate of when we can expect to get all the USVI materials? 
 thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 13:00 
 To: (NY) (FBI) <:.; 
 Cc: (USANYS) < 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 (USANYS) <a> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] < 
 (NY) (FBI) < 
 Okay thanks — good luck with the cardiologist! And if you can let us know tomorrow that would be great. Thanks again. 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 12:59 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] a; 
 Cc: (USANYS)  >; . (NY) (FBI) <->; 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 < > 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 When I'm in the office tomorrow, I will be better able to estimate. I'm at my cardiologist right now. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 29, 2020 12:56 PM, " wrote: 
 Great, thanks. Is there even a rough estimate of when we will get the USVI materials? Or an estimate of when you'll be 
 able to see how many items to export, so we'll have a better sense of when we'll get those? 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 12:55 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] a; 
 Cc: (USANYS)  
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 . (NY) (FBI) < 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 Yep 
 EFTA00032049
NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 29, 2020 12:52 PM,' 
 < 
 > wrote: 
 Okay, and I'm sorry to ask again, but to make sure, in this production, you're sending us new versions of what you 
 previously sent? 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 12:50 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <M>, 
 Cc: (USANYS) (NY) (FBI) < 
 c >; 
 (USANYS)< I> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 I>; 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 You are getting both NY and USVI. The biggest stumbling block are the newer Mac items that are in APFS 
 (there are a bunch from the Island,) so it is difficult to estimate how long those will take until I see how many 
 items I have to export. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 29, 2020 12:40 PM,' 
 < 
 > wrote: 
 Okay thanks, and just to clarify, a few days to finalize the New York materials, and then what about the USVI materials? I 
 think that is quite a bit more. Just looking for an estimated completion date for everything. 
 And on my other question — does this mean you're giving us a new, complete copy of everything from both NY and USVI? 
 thanks, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 12:34 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor]
 4 
 Cc: (USANYS). (NY) (FBI) < 
 (USANYS)
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 I>; 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 I am in the process of exporting the materials (documents, spreadsheets, emails, etc) for your review as per my 
 discussions with . Most of the NY stuff is done, just Mac items left. This might take a few days as 1 item in 
 particular has over 500,000 emails. We will be able to provide discovery once Defense Council has provided 
 drives for us to copy items over to. This goes quicker as there is no processing involved. I'll let you know when 
 everything is complete. 
 EFTA00032050
Conceded Problems Undermine the Strength of the Government's Case 
 As Ms. Maxwell's period of detention passes the nine-month mark, the government has 
 continuously upgraded Ms. Maxwell from a "plain [ 
 J 
 risk of flight" to a "substantial and 
 actual risk of flight" to a "serious flight of risk" and now to an "extreme risk of flight." (Dkt. 
 165 at 1.) Ironically, her level of flight risk increases as the strength of government's case 
 against her diminishes. Ms. Maxwell has challenged the strength of the government's case 
 in pretrial motions pending before the Court. Among other things, Ms. Maxwell has 
 persuasively argued that the Non-Prosecution Agreement entered into by Jeffrey Epstein in 
 2007, which immunizes "any potential co-conspirators of Epstein," bars Ms. Maxwell's 
 prosecution in this case, and that the counts charging her with alleged sexual abuse are 
 time -barred. 
 The government's response to Ms. Maxwell's pretrial motions shines further light 
 of the weaknesses of its case. For example, the government concedes it cannot establish that 
 either Ms. Maxwell or Epstein ever caused, or sought to cause, Accuser-34 to travel while she 
 was a minor or that she was underage when she allegedly engaged in sex acts with Epstein. 
 (See Opp.162-65 & fn. 57-58.)5 Hence, her allegations cannot support the conspiracies charged 
 in the Indictment, leaving the government with only two witnesses to prove the charges against 
 Ms. Maxwell. More importantly, in connection with the government's response, it 
 produced documents indicating that government prosecutors misled a federal judge to 
 Accuser -3 is identified in the Indictment as "Minor Victim-3." 
 5 -Opp." references are to page numbers of the Government's Omnibus Memorandum in Opposition to Defendant's 
 Pre -Trial Motions, dated February 26, 2021 and not yet publicly flied. 
 7 
 EFTA00031925
NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 29, 2020 11:03 AM, " )" < > wrote: 
 Following up on this, I understand from that she was able to provide you with a 12 TB drive last week — could you 
 please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? I expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early as this 
 week. 
 Also, the related critical question that I don't think we have clarity on is whether you're giving us a copy of everything that 
 was collected (including reproducing the materials that you previously gave us, but which are not searchable), or have you 
 and =figured out a way to categorize the prior productions so they're useful for us? We would strongly prefer to just 
 get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials differently than that. 
 thanks, 
 From: (NY) (FBI)
 Sent: Friday, June 19, 2020 13:14 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 4 
 Cc: (USANYS) (NY) (F81) < 
 c >; 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 c >; 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 We are going every other day now, ramping up to 75% week after next. I need drives to put things on like 
 and I discussed earlier. Once I have those drives, it will take me a couple days to copy stuff. LMK when I can 
 expect the drives. Thanks. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 19, 2020 1:09 PM,' 
 < 
 wrote: 
 following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
 urgent. Thanks. 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, June 17, 2020 14:28 
 To: 
 (NY) (FBI) 'cM>, 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] <> 
 Cc: (NY) (FBI)  'cM>,
 
 Ic ''; 
 (NY) (FBI) ecl>: (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 EFTA00032051
Wanted to circle back on this and check in, particularly because we desperately need to get the results from the July and 
 September searches before moving forward with possible additional charges in the case. I know you had mentioned you 
 needed to push back your prior estimate of complete production by early June, by a couple weeks, so wanted to see what 
 the current estimate is? I don't think we've started to get anything yet but please correct me if I'm wrong. 
 thanks, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <II> 
 Sent: Monday, June 01, 2020 16:28 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] a; 
 Cc: (NY) (FBI) 
 c
 (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Will do. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 1, 2020 4:26 PM, " 
 < 
 > wrote: 
 Understood, and thanks for letting us know. Let's keep in touch both on timing and also on whether there's a way to 
 identify and categorize what's already been produced, or if we'll need to just get all the raw data at this stage and go from 
 there. 
 From: (NY) (FBI)<E> 
 Sent: Monday, June 01, 2020 16:23 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Cc: (NY) (FBI) <I>; 
 • 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) (FBI) •,:> 
 Unfortunately, recent events and our staffing levels have conspired to put a kink in just about everything. If we 
 can't make heads or tails of the stuff I've already produced, we'll do it again. They have told us that our staffing 
 levels will be steadily increasing over the next few weeks, but I'm going to have to push back my estimate by a 
 week or 2. Sorry about that. My next day in the office is Thursday, so I'll be able to see if I can easily identify 
 what I already gave you and many it to a reliable identifier. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 EFTA00032052
On Jun 1, 2020 4:13 PM, " 
 IMB 
 " < 
 > wrote: 
 Thanks for this update — we'll take a look and circle back if any questions. 
 Separately, to follow up on a question from the May 15 email below, the list has just five devices as still pending to be 
 transferred to us, and I think it's right that the plan is to reproduce all the materials so that we can get them in searchable 
 format, but just wanted to confirm? Currently, we aren't able to match any of the prior productions to specific devices —
 so if we're able to match them up by Bates number now, that might work, but otherwise I think it makes sense for us to 
 get everything. But let us know if any issue with that. 
 And related to that question, are we still on track to get the full range of data in the next week or so? I don't think we've 
 gotten any updates on that status in the past few weeks, and we're eager to be able to start reviewing. 
 thanks again, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) 
 <I > 
 Sent: Friday, May 29, 2020 12:53 
 To: 
 cM > 
 Cc: I
 (NY) (FBI) <a• 
 Subject: Re: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Updated item descriptions. Just a side note, many thumb drives and SD cards will not have a serial number 
 visible externally, but will report one through our tools. I included those electronically reported serial numbers. 
 Any questions, let me know. 
 FBI NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Examiner 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, May 15, 2020 4:11 PM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) 
 Cc: 
 (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 (NY) (FBI) 'c> 
 Thanks for this, it's a helpful start. In terms of being able to write our search warrant, one additional piece of information 
 we need is the serial number, or some other specific identifier, ideally for each device but at least for any device that there 
 is more than one of the same thing. So for example, we need to be able to somehow differentiate the following devices — 
 The two Dell power edge T310 hard drives (NYCO24323 and NYCO24324) 
 The two Sony Vaio laptop / Fujitsu hdd (NYCO24336 and NYCO24337) 
 EFTA00032053
the following loose storage devices: 
 o Micro SD card (NYCO24339) 
 o Flash Drive (generic) (NYCO24340) 
 o Thumbdrive (Emtec) (NYCO24341) 
 o hard drive (loose) (NYCO24342) 
 o verbatim thumbdrive (NYCO24343) 
 The four San Disk cruzer-thumbdrives (NYCO24344-47) 
 The three Seagate IDE hard drives (NYCO24348-50) 
 The camera SD card (NYCO24351) 
 I think the rest of the devices are either specifically distinguishable and/or have an S/N listed. (By comparison, the USVI 
 spreadsheet we have lists an s/n for about 20 of the 25(ish) devices. 
 The other thing we're looking for is the location in the house (and ideally specific location) for each device, which the USVI 
 list also has — is that info available? 
 The list also has just five devices as still pending to be transferred to us, and I think it's right that the plan is to reproduce 
 all the materials so that we can get them in searchable format, but just wanted to confirm? Currently, we aren't able to 
 match any of the prior productions to specific devices — so if we're able to match them up by Bates number now, that 
 might work, but otherwise I think it makes sense for us to get everything. But let us know if any issue with that. 
 thanks very much, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Thursday, May 14, 2020 15:54 
 To: 
 Cc: >, 
 (NY) (FBI) <->, 
 Subject: Re: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Here is The listing of all the evidence gathered in NY that I have. I added some columns to guide you to the 
 unique numbers CART NY uses fro their evidence. The template wasn't a slam dunk over, so I did what I could to 
 convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
 size, it is in GB, totaled at the bottom and converted to TB. In the materials contained column, I put what load 
 file group the data was transferred over in (Mac, Windows, Loose Media, IDE, or Blacklight) If there is no entry 
 in that column, that data has yet to be transferred. There are 2 Macs and a DVR you don't have as well as an 
 iPhone and an iPad. IF the descriptions are a bit light, let me know and I'll do what I can to beef them up. I will 
 get you the Island stuff tomorrow. 
 FBI NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Examiner 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, May 13, 2020 12:25 PM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) cl>; (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 EFTA00032054
Cc: <; cM); 
 (NY) (FBI) <>; (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Respectfully, I think there are some miscommunications here — all we have asked is to receive the materials in a format 
 such that we can view them using a system we have access to. We're not able to get web-enabled access through any FBI 
 tool, so we asked for the materials to be transferred in a loadable format so we could put them on Relativity, which both 
 we and the agents can access. We're required to have the files in a format that we can produce them to defense counsel. 
 I've done that in many other cases and it hasn't previously been an issue. My understanding from is that the best 
 way to do it now is just for us (the U.S. Attorney's Office) to get the original files, which our vendor will process—by which 
 I just mean converting into file formats that are loadable onto Relativity. It doesn't really have anything to do with the 
 taint review—we have to have access to the docs in our systems for discovery purposes. 
 And we were happy to get the materials as they were processed, but when we received the 1.1 million documents earlier 
 this year, they were in a format that wasn't usable for the reasons described in the email I sent on March 9. Again, I 
 understand from that the best way forward is to just get copies of the materials in their original formats, which I 
 understand will be segregated and designated by device. That should work for usl I was just trying to understand the 
 approach, as well as the timeline. 
 thanks, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <=> 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 13:03 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 (NY) (FBI) < 
 Subject: Re: Epstein search warrant documents 
 >; 
 (USANYS) [Contractor) 
 . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Just to be clear. The US Attorney's Office (or it's contractors) are not "processing" anything. You are taking files 
 that I will be extracting from processed evidence and putting them into an E-Discovery tool (Relativity) to do a 
 taint review. 
 Relativity is NOT a forensic tool. It is incapable of dealing with many things that are found forensically on a 
 computer like free space, slack space, and system files to name a few. When we started this, and you insisted 
 you do the taint review in Relativity, I warned you that it was adding months worth of work on top of what was 
 already done, and that Relativity was incapable of viewing everything. You insisted we do it this way. So now 
 and I have come up with a way to fit this round peg into this square hole. We will get it done. 
 Sorry it has taken so long, but we are talking about terabytes worth of data over multiple forms of digital 
 evidence. Phones, tablets, loose media, cameras, DVRs, servers, laptops, and desktop computers. We have 
 gotten past encryption on multiple devices. When we review devices on such large cases, we usually do it piece 
 by piece as things are processed, I was unaware that you didn't want to review as things were processed, that 
 you wanted to do it "all at once", so that added to the delay. Sorry for that. Just a differentiation of 
 methodology I suppose. 
 EFTA00032055
and I feel confident that the method we have come up with will be more consistent and preserve the 
 attribution of files to devices and links of e-mails to attachments that the load file generation that I did a while 
 back was lacking. 
 FBI NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Examiner 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 11:33 AM 
 To: . (NY) (FBI) 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 > 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Okay, so just to check, you both think that there is not a need to do a test run? You're both comfortable with just basically 
 sending us copies of everything? I don't totally understand why we couldn't have done that eight months ago, but 
 regardless of the passage of time, I want to make sure we understand so we can report to our supervisors. I assume that 
 means that we (at the U.S. Attorney's Office and through contractors) will therefore need to do all the processing 
 ourselves, correct? And thanks again to you both. 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <E> 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 11:30 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor]
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 >; 
 Like said in his earlier email. It will be the raw data and it will be marked so it is easier to attribute it to a 
 particular device. Problem now is how to get the data to since he is teleworking. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On May 12, 2020 11:15 AM, " 
 < 
 I have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 202011:11 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 wrote: 
 I will use the spreadsheet, no problem. and I ironed out all the details. We've got a good plan moving 
 forward that will meet your needs. 
 EFTA00032056
NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On May 12, 2020 10:34 AM, " " < wrote: 
 it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
 make sure we get all the info we need. I think you had previously sent us a list of certain information that unfortunately 
 wasn't helpful for us, so we want to make sure we're all on the same page. 
 In terms of data transfer, are you just sending a literal copy of all the raw data, and we'll process and upload it on 
 our end? I ask to make sure we don't lose any searchability — when FBI sent versions before, it had already been 
 processed. I think what we talked about on the phone a month ago was getting, for example, data from one device to 
 make sure it transfers correctly, before sending over literally everything — is that still the plan? 
 thanks, 
 From: (USANYS) [Contractor] <
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 10:27 
 To: 
 Cc: (NY) (FBI) 4:=> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Hello M, 
 Me and just finished our phone call regarding the data. will put together a list of the all of the data and 
 where the data was collected. I will work to send some hard drives to so he can begin to copy the data and send 
 it to us. I will need to figure out a way to get the data off of the hard drives. 
 Please let us know if there are any questions. 
 Thank you. 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, May 8, 2020 2:15 PM 
 To: . (NY) (FBI) 4:>; (USANYS) 
 (NY) (FBI) <>; (USANYS)<I> 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 ) 
 ; 
 (NY) 
 ca• 
 (FBI) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
 returns in early June. Thanks again. 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Friday, May 08, 2020 14:14 
 EFTA00032057
To: (USANYS)>; 
 (NY) (FBI) c>; 
 (USANYS) > 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 1< ›; 
 (NY) 
 (FBI) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 There has been talk of us returning to normal soon, so I don't think it will effect the timeline I initially gave you. 
 If it does, I'll let you know. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On May 8, 2020 1:58 PM, " )" 
 < 
 > wrote: 
 Understood, thanks—it will be great to get that list on Thursday. As a refresh, the info we are looking for is in the 
 attached spreadsheet template. 
 On the returns themselves, do the changes you mentioned mean that the estimate of a month from now for complete 
 transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
 estimate would be, so we can factor that in? Thanks very much. 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <=a. 
 Sent: Friday, May 08, 2020 13:50 
 To: (USANYS)) 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 c >; 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor]
 (NY) 
 ) 
 (FBI) <::* 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Sony for the delay, they reduced us to 1 day a week, so things have been stretched out by a factor of 5. I will be 
 back in the office on Thursday and will be able to get you the list then as I have to access some of our systems to 
 do so. 
 Also, please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On May 8, 2020 12:10 PM, ' 
 II < 
 > wrote: 
 Following up on the below, I think you had said you expected to be able to get us a list of the devices seized from the 
 search warrants at Epstein's residences in New York and the USVI, as well as from his person upon arrest, in about a 
 month (during our conference call a month ago) — so wanted to check if we can still expect that very soon? We're waiting 
 on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline —
 and also the current timeline on producing the results from those August and September searches? I think you and =I 
 EFTA00032058
were going to coordinate on that, and you had mentioned you expected we'd have it a couple months from our call, which 
 would be about a month from now. Wanted to make sure we're still on track. 
 thanks, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) < 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 07, 2020 15:27 
 To: (USANYS) 
 . (NY) (FBI) <3>; (USANYS) <
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 4:>; 
 (FBI) <> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) 
 Ok let's plan on 11am tomorrow morning, I am trying to get an FBI line with a larger capacity but I won't know until 
 tomorrow am. I will push it out when confirmed. 
 Thanks 
 From: ) imailtod 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 07, 2020 3:15 PM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) < 
 (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 Cc: (USANYS) (Contractor] 
 >*, (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Yes, I can do anytime tomorrow, and can also join anytime tomorrow. So whenever is good on your end. 
 Also, we can host a conference call, but only up to six lines at a time — so if FBI has larger capacity than that let us know, 
 otherwise I'd propose we do: 
 1) 
 2) I= 
 3 ) 
 4) MI 
 5) 
 I. 
 6) /M, if either of you wants to join (and if not, one of 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <I 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 07, 2020 14:13 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <:>!: 
 )< (NY) 
 (FBI) <-> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 EFTA00032059
Are available tomorrow for a conference call to discuss this issue? 
 SSA MI 
 FBI New York 
 On Apr 7, 2020 I :55 PM, ' > wrote: 
 Following up on this from a month ago — I know we're living in a different world than what existed four weeks ago, but are 
 you at all able to assist while working remotely? This has been pending for almost two months and we still don't have a 
 very basic list of each device or item that was seized and searched, or for which of those we've received materials. We're 
 happy to have a call if that would be useful, but as a first step the most basic thing we're looking for is the info in the 
 template spreadsheet we sent earlier (that's also attached). 
 thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, March 09, 2020 12:00 
 To: . (NY) (FBI) c:•; 
 (NV) [FBI) Me 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <1::.; ) 
 ) <a; 
 (NY) 
 (USANYS) 
 (FBI) la 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Unfortunately I don't think this is very helpful to us. Did you take a look at the example spreadsheet I sent on 2/24? The 
 excel file you sent has descriptions that don't match up to the items listed in the search warrant returns (that we sent on 
 2/23), and we don't have the 1B or CART numbers to be able to cross-reference. We also can't tell what you mean by 
 "loose media" without a specific comparison to what was seized, we don't know which items you're referring to as 
 "Windows machines," and we can't tell whether the entirety of any particular item has been transferred, or just partial. 
 For example, it looks like we have gotten very, very few image files, which is surprising. 
 We have also encountered some very significant problems in trying to review the more than 1 million documents we 
 recently received: 
 The data we've received has no way to put any emails and attachments together. So if an email says, "see the 
 attached flight records," for example, we have no way of linking that up with the records themselves. Not only is 
 that a big problem for us in review, it's going to be a huge problem for producing the documents to defense 
 counsel. 
 The load file has no link to the native file, so when we load the data to the database, there's no way to have the 
 native files show up in the database. Because many of the files are too large to open in the viewer, it effectively 
 means that there are many files that are completely invisible to us. 
 Related, the control numbers in the load file don't match up to the native files. So we have two sets of numbers 
 and no way to match up anything—that is, even if we were to try to go hunt down every individual large file in the 
 native files, it would be impossible. 
 EFTA00032060
obtain evidence against Ms. Maxwell (see, e.g.,. Opp. Ex. 4-7) - a shocking revelation that 
 undermines the viability of the perjury counts, not to mention the integrity of the entire 
 prosecution. 
 The ongoing review of discovery confirms the lack of evidence in support of the 
 stale allegations in the indictment. Further, the government's concessions reveal that it 
 failed to properly investigate the allegations of at least one of its three core witnesses. The 
 passage of time continues to reveal information and lack of evidence that undermine the 
 purported strength of the government's case. 
 Bail Must Be Granted 
 The detention of Ms. Maxwell on 25-year-old allegations — based on the lowest grade 
 misdemeanor under New York Penal Law 130.556 — presented in a sensationalized 
 indictment containing pictures to inflame the public and entice and feed the media frenzy' — 
 is unwarranted in the face of the unique bail package before the Court. Relentless media 
 coverage of Ms. Maxwell, which preceded and impacted the bringing of this prosecution. 
 has increased significantly since her arrest and detention. Ms. Maxwell's continued 
 detention — providing daily fodder for media for the past nine months—continues to severely 
 undermine her presumption of innocence. 
 In the face of this enhanced bail package, the government's claim that Ms. Maxwell 
 poses "an extreme risk of flight" rings hollow. The government urges the Court to apply a 
 standard that defies the law - an absolute guarantee against all risks. See United States v. 
 Counts Two and Four allege violations of New York Penal Law § 130.55 - sexual abuse in the third degree - a 
 class B misdemeanor punishable by maximum penalties of three months in jail or one year probation. 
 What other purpose could be served by the inclusion of a picture of Ms. Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein taken over a 
 dozen years after the period of the conspiracy alleged and pictures of three high-value residences? 
 8 
 EFTA00031926
So the data that we most recently got, we need to get in a form that addresses those issues, and we likely will need to get 
 a similar reproduction of the data we received a couple months ago. Otherwise we're sifting through more than a million 
 documents without much rhyme or reason. 
 I've re-attached the spreadsheet we sent last week — I think that's a good place to start in terms of our necessary record-
 keeping, and we need that info at the very least, as well as anything else you think would be useful. Also attaching the SW 
 returns for reference. And again, we're happy to meet up anytime and hash all this out in person if that's useful. 
 thanks, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Wednesday, March 04, 2020 16:36 
 To: (USANYS) cz.; 
 Cc: 
 (NY) (FBI) <->; (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] <->; 
 (FBI) < 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 ) < 
 (NY) 
 Here is a listing of what I have already handed over in load files to the US Attorney's Office for taint review. Some points of 
 clarification: There were 9 IDE hard drives found in the Manhattan apartment, they turned out to be 3 copies of 3 drives 
 (9 drives in total) from a July 2007 search on one of his properties. I only processed 3 (as they were all copies). All the 
 loose media from the NY apartment is included. All the Windows machines from the NY apartment are included. Only 2 
 Macs from NY and 1 from the Island are included. 
 I will have to more closely coordinate with whoever is loading up Relativity with the remaining Macs as the tool 
 they have to be processed with does not easily re-name the load files. 
 Spreadsheet is attached. 
 NYO CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 (office) 
 (cell) 
 From: ) [rnailto:1 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 03, 2020 12:25 PM 
 To: . (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 (NY) (FBI) c>; 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) 
 (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 I could do Thursday morning, but I think it would be helpful for us to get the accounting in advance of the meeting so we 
 can figure out in advance what (if any) additional steps we need — is that possible? 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 03, 2020 09:59 
 To: (USANYS) <
 EFTA00032061
Cc: 
 (NY) 
 (FBI) t›; 
 (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] <M>.; ) < 
 ) 
 (NY) 
 cc > 
 (FBI) <I
 >. 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Can we do Thursday morning? My network should be back by then and I can give you a good accounting. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Mar 2, 2020 11:15 AM, ' 
 Doing the weekly check in on this — is there a time this week when everyone can meet on this? 
 thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 17:38 
 To: . (NY) (FBI) dc>.; (USANYS) 
 (NY) (FBI) <>; (USANYS) > 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <M>; 
 <a; 
 ) <a; 
 (NY) 
 wrote: 
 (FM) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Totally understand about the network issues—we can relate. I do still think it will be helpful to all sit down together to 
 have an in-person discussion, to make sure everybody is on the same page. Are folks available for that next week? And 
 what I think would be most helpful to facilitate that would be a spreadsheet of each separate device referenced in the two 
 search warrant returns, with columns for whether we've dumped the contents, whether they've been reviewed and/or 
 transferred, what portions were transferred, etc. 
 Something roughly like the attached, with any other categories you think would be useful — and the info on the attached is 
 mostly hypothetical, obviously, just as examples. That will help us fully understand what's been reviewed, transferred, 
 and received so far, and what remains. 
 (Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — I think FBI 
 was going to do an initial screen to make sure no CP, and since I think the answer was no, we'll need to get those to be 
 able to review them as well.) 
 many thanks, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <MMI> 
 Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 09:24 
 To: (USANYS)<> 
 (NY) (FBI) <>; (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 'c ›; 
 (NY) 
 EFTA00032062
(FBI) ‹> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Sony for the delayed response. They are tearing out our old network and giving us a new one, they mandated we 
 delete old stuff (about 400 TB worth). Now that they are working on replacing the network, we can do only local 
 work. I should be able to give you an accounting of what is what. I can say, off the top of my head, that all 
 windows based items from the NY search have been handed over as well as all loose media. The CDs from NY 
 only contained pictures, no documents. There are still some Apple items from NY that need to be produced. As 
 far as the Island stuff goes, the 1st item on your spreadsheet, the "kitchen" mac has been produced. Still working 
 on the rest. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Feb 23, 2020 12:21 AM, " 
 Team, 
 ci
 > wrote: 
 Following up on the below from last weekend, I'm still not sure how we're addressing this so I thought it would make 
 sense for us to all schedule a (hopefully relatively brief) meeting to all get on the same page? We didn't hear back on 
 which files had previously been provided, but our tech folks did their best to differentiate, and we got access to the 
 materials yesterday and its well over a million documents, and we don't have any idea what we're looking at — i.e., which 
 devices the materials came from, whether it's full or partial results, how many more devices we have coming, etc. 
 Based on the attached search warrant returns, it looks like from the New York mansion (the PDF) there are approximately 
 40 devices that would have storage (computers, hard drives, thumb drives, etc.) and that's not even counting at least 60+ 
 CDs. And then from the Virgin Islands (the Excel spreadsheet), at least more than 25 devices, including multiple servers / 
 server racks. 
 So we gotta know what we've already received, what remains, anticipated schedule, etc, and I know it's a lot of moving 
 pieces on all sides so wanted to loop in everybody at once. The case team will be in California this coming week from 
 Tuesday through Friday, but then I think generally around the first week of March, which will hopefully be plenty of time 
 to schedule a productive meeting. 
 thanks all, 
 IM• 
 From: 
 Sent: Saturday, February 15, 2020 16:30 
 To: (NY) (FBI) .:>; 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <:.; 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 ss 
 • (NY) 
 (FBI) 'cl> 
 I'm not sure who's the exact right person to ask this, so wanted to get everybody on one email chain about it — I have the 
 hard drive that dropped off that has new Epstein search warrant materials, but it looks like there are also old 
 materials (that I think we had previously received and uploaded??) on the hard drive, and so I'm not sure what's new. 
 EFTA00032063
Just generally, and and I talked about this last week too, but it's basically impossible for us to keep track of what 
 we're getting, and what has been completed, without some kind of identification or labeling system, along with a list of 
 which devices have been extracted and downloaded. 
 So for example on the hard drive currently, there are 38 folders labeled "loadFiles" through "37loadFiles" with a modified 
 date of 11/14/19, which I think we may have already previously received — but I'm not sure, because we haven't gotten 
 any info on which folders match up to which devices, etc. And then there's another folder titled "NYC024362" that has a 
 modified date of 1/27/20, so I think that may be the materials we hadn't previously received? That folder by itself has 
 more than 600,000 items. 
 I don't want to give anything that we've already previously received and uploaded, and I can't tell from the folder or 
 file names whether everything on the drive is new, or whether just additional materials were saved onto it in addition to 
 what we already have. =, are you able to give us some guidance on this? Ultimately what we really need is a 
 spreadsheet of every device, whether it's been dumped (or partially dumped), and then identifying that same info —
 which device, and what materials from it — are being given to us with each data transfer. Otherwise I think 
 organizationally and for review purposes it will be a total disaster for us. 
 We're happy to have a meeting on this if that's helpful — and thanks everybody for the assistance. 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032064
From: (USANYS)"  
 To: 
 11 11 11 
 H 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Date: Tue, 07 Jul 2020 21:38:51 +0000 
 Great minds...thanks much. 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 5:39 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Yes. I already told I= that we'd take possession tomorrow and FedEx it to him. I'll reply all. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Tuesday, July 07, 2020 17:37 
 To: 
 1.S 
 Subject: FW: Epstein search warrant documents 
 <->; 
 Can we offer to do this? Or have an agent deliver it? This seems rife with problematic possibilities... 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 5:36 PM 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <M>; 
 Cc: (USANYS) < 
 >; 
 >; (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 I'll see what we can arrange. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jul 7, 2020 5:34 PM, " 
 wrote: 
 Hello 
 Our office is not open and I am still working from home. Is it possible to have this data sent to my home? 
 Thank you. 
 . (NY) (FBI) < >; 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 (USANYS) [Contractor]"
 EFTA00032065
From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 5:14 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: (USANYS) < 
 >; (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 . (NY) (FBI) < 
 >; 
 1 < ; 
 `• >; 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 Everything with the exception of a couple of items are ready. I will get you an actual number before I send it over. 
 We can send it over tomorrow. There will be ReadMe files included so it will be easy to see where the items came from. I 
 am a little worried about how the e-mail will present. While looking through on a spot check, the attachments are not 
 connected to the e-mails in the forensic tool. I believe it is a function of the e-mail client they were using to begin with. I 
 know that the attachments are a concern of yours. We may have to massage things a bit to get it right. Now that we are 
 working every day, and everything has been processed, it shouldn't be too big a deal. So far the export is about 350 GB. It 
 copies slowly because it is a ton of pretty small files. You are getting the whole ball of wax, here, Macs, Windows boxes, 
 loose media, etc. There will be a few iPhone and iPad reports, but unsure if I can get you those tomorrow as they very 
 often take a LONG time to copy. Again, lots of small files. If not tomorrow, the next day. 
 Are you around tomorrow? Reach out to me when you get the production so we can correct any problems we might 
 encounter. Thanks. 
 NYO CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 (office) 
 (cell) 
 From: ) [mak& 
 Sent: Tuesday, July 07, 2020 3:42 PM 
 To: . (NY) (FBI) <:>; (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 (NY) (FBI) >; Cc: (USANYS) < 
 >; 
 (NY) (FBI) <->, 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) 
 I understand that some number of the devices are ready to come to us as early as today or tomorrow. Could you please 
 let us know the following information, so we can figure out who the hard drive should go to in the first instance: 
 1. How many total devices are coming to us in this initial production? 
 1. What are those devices — i.e., type of device and which ones, from the spreadsheets you've sent? 
 2. What's the total volume of data coming in this round of production? 
 Once we know that, I can let the agents know where the drive needs to go in the first instance. 
 thanks, 
 EFTA00032066
From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 30, 2020 16:23 
 To: • (NY) (FBI)' 
 Cc: (USANYS) <a; 
 (USANYS) (Contractor) <I> 
 (NY) (FBI) < 
 <a; 
 (USANYS)< > 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Checking in for the estimate of when we can expect to get all the USVI materials? 
 thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 13:00 
 To: (NY) (FBI) a; (USANYS) [Contractor] <—> 
 Cc: (USANYS) a; (NY) (FBI) <—>; 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 >; 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Okay thanks — good luck with the cardiologist! And if you can let us know tomorrow that would be great. Thanks again. 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <a> 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 12:59 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <a; 
 Cc: (USANYS) <a; (NY) (FBI) <->; 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 When I'm in the office tomorrow, I will be better able to estimate. I'm at my cardiologist right now. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
  cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 29, 2020 12:56 PM,' 
 < 
 wrote: 
 Great, thanks. Is there even a rough estimate of when we will get the USVI materials? Or an estimate of when you'll be 
 able to see how many items to export, so we'll have a better sense of when we'll get those? 
 From: (NY) (FBI) a 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 12:55 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] a; 
 EFTA00032067
Cc: (USANYS) < (NY) (FBI) <->; 
 >; 
 I < >; (NY) (FBI) 
 >; (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Yep 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 > 
 On Jun 29, 2020 12:52 PM,' 
 < 
 > wrote: 
 Okay, and I'm sorry to ask again, but to make sure, in this production, you're sending us new versions of what you 
 previously sent? 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 12:50 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <M>, 
 Cc: (USANYS) (NY) (FBI) < 
 (USANYS)< I> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 >; 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 You are getting both NY and USVI. The biggest stumbling block are the newer Mac items that are in APFS 
 (there are a bunch from the Island,) so it is difficult to estimate how long those will take until I see how many 
 items I have to export. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 29, 2020 12:40 PM, ' 
 < 
 wrote: 
 Okay thanks, and just to clarify, a few days to finalize the New York materials, and then what about the USVI materials? I 
 think that is quite a bit more. Just looking for an estimated completion date for everything. 
 And on my other question — does this mean you're giving us a new, complete copy of everything from both NY and USVI? 
 thanks, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <II> 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 12:34 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor]
 4 
 Cc: (USANYS) <IM); (NY) (FBI) <->; 
 <a; 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 EFTA00032068
c > ; 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 I am in the process of exporting the materials (documents, spreadsheets, emails, etc) for your review as per my 
 discussions with . Most of the NY stuff is done, just Mac items left. This might take a few days as 1 item in 
 particular has over 500,000 emails. We will be able to provide discovery once Defense Council has provided 
 drives for us to copy items over to. This goes quicker as there is no processing involved. I'll let you know when 
 everything is complete. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 29, 2020 11:03 AM, " )" 
 < 
 > wrote: 
 Following up on this, I understand from that she was able to provide you with a 12 TB drive last week — could you 
 please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? I expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early as this 
 week. 
 Also, the related critical question that I don't think we have clarity on is whether you're giving us a copy of everything that 
 was collected (including reproducing the materials that you previously gave us, but which are not searchable), or have you 
 and figured out a way to categorize the prior productions so they're useful for us? We would strongly prefer to just 
 get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials differently than that. 
 thanks, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <II> 
 Sent: Friday, June 19, 2020 13:14 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>, 
 Cc: (USANYS); (NY) (FBI) <->;_ 
 < >; 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 (USANYS). 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 We are going every other day now, ramping up to 75% week after next. I need drives to put things on like 
 and I discussed earlier. Once I have those drives, it will take me a couple days to copy stuff. LMK when I can 
 expect the drives. Thanks. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 19, 2020 1:09 PM, " 
 PO < 
 > wrote: 
 following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
 urgent. Thanks. 
 EFTA00032069
From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, June 17, 2020 14:28 
 To: (NY) (FBI) c:•; (USANYS) [Contractor] <> 
 Cc: (NY) (FBI) 
 c Ic''; 
 >: (NY) (FBI) (USANYS) 
 (USANYS)  
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Wanted to circle back on this and check in, particularly because we desperately need to get the results from the July and 
 September searches before moving forward with possible additional charges in the case. I know you had mentioned you 
 needed to push back your prior estimate of complete production by early June, by a couple weeks, so wanted to see what 
 the current estimate is? I don't think we've started to get anything yet but please correct me if I'm wrong. 
 thanks, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) 
 Sent: Monday, June 01, 2020 16:28 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <:›; 
 ) 
 Cc: (NY) (FBI) <MI>; 
 < ›; (NT) (FBI) sz)* 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Will do. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun I, 2020 4:26 PM, ' 
 < 
 > wrote: 
 Understood, and thanks for letting us know. Let's keep in touch both on timing and also on whether there's a way to 
 identify and categorize what's already been produced, or if we'll need to just get all the raw data at this stage and go from 
 there. 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Monday, June 01, 2020 16:23 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <:›; 
 Cc: 
 >; (NY) (FBI)
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 Unfortunately, recent events and our staffing levels have conspired to put a kink in just about everything. If we 
 can't make heads or tails of the stuff I've already produced, we'll do it again. They have told us that our staffing 
 levels will be steadily increasing over the next few weeks, but I'm going to have to push back my estimate by a 
 EFTA00032070
Ona, 760, F.2d 887, 888 n.4 (8th Cir. 1985) ("The legalstandard requiredby the [Bail 
 Reform) Act is one of reasonable assurances, not absolute guarantees."). Under the Bail 
 Reform Act, Ms. Maxwell must be released unless there are "no conditions" that would 
 reasonably assure her presence. Here, the proposed bail package - uniquely strengthened 
 by Ms. Maxwell's agreement to renunciate her foreign citizenship and have assets 
 monitored by a retired federal district court judge - satisfies the actual governing standard. 
 To find there are absolutely no conditions to satisfy flight risk of a 59-year-old 
 woman with no criminal history, who poses no danger to the community, who has made 
 America her home for the past 30 years, and who has established strong roots and forged 
 important connections with family and friends who reside here, is incredulous. The 
 concerns regarding foreign citizenship and restraint of assets have been addressed. To say 
 that renunciation of foreign citizenship and strict monitoring of assets by a retired federal 
 district court judge does not suffice when combined with an eight-figure bond secured by 
 real property and cash and the strictest terms of home confinement and electronic 
 monitoring strains credulity. The government gains a strategic advantage each day Ms. 
 Maxwell remains in custody — her case is tried daily in the court of public opinion based 
 on allegations that arc inadmissible in a court of law; the likelihood of seating jurors who 
 arc not implicitly biased against her is being severely jeopardized; her physical strength 
 and concentration are becoming increasingly impaired by the conditions of her 
 confinement; and she is being denied a full and fair opportunity to prepare her case for 
 trial.s 
 " Ms. Maxwell continues to experience difficulty reviewing electronic discovery, including discs that can only be 
 reviewed on the MDC computer but are not readable on that computer, and thousands of pages still not readable on 
 either the MDC computer or the laptop. Her receipt of legal mail — including pretrial motions, responses and replies 
 — are constantly delayed even after tracking information confirms delivery to the MDC. The visiting rooms in the 
 9 
 EFTA00031927
week or 2. Sorry about that. My next day in the office is Thursday, so I'll be able to see if I can easily identify 
 what I already gave you and many it to a reliable identifier. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 1, 2020 4:13 PM, ' 
 < 
 Thanks for this update — we'll take a look and circle back if any questions. 
 > wrote: 
 Separately, to follow up on a question from the May 15 email below, the list has just five devices as still pending to be 
 transferred to us, and I think it's right that the plan is to reproduce all the materials so that we can get them in searchable 
 format, but just wanted to confirm? Currently, we aren't able to match any of the prior productions to specific devices —
 so if we're able to match them up by Bates number now, that might work, but otherwise I think it makes sense for us to 
 get everything. But let us know if any issue with that. 
 And related to that question, are we still on track to get the full range of data in the next week or so? I don't think we've 
 gotten any updates on that status in the past few weeks, and we're eager to be able to start reviewing. 
 thanks again, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) 
 Sent: Friday, May 29, 2020 12:53 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 Subject: Re: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 (NY) (FBI) a.=> 
 Updated item descriptions. Just a side note, many thumb drives and SD cards will not have a serial number 
 visible externally, but will report one through our tools. I included those electronically reported serial numbers. 
 Any questions, let me know. 
 FBI NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Examiner 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, May 15, 2020 4:11 PM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) 4:>; 
 Cc: 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 c ; 
 (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) (FBI) <> 
 EFTA00032071
Thanks for this, it's a helpful start. In terms of being able to write our search warrant, one additional piece of information 
 we need is the serial number, or some other specific identifier, ideally for each device but at least for any device that there 
 is more than one of the same thing. So for example, we need to be able to somehow differentiate the following devices — 
 The two Dell power edge T310 hard drives (NYCO24323 and NYCO24324) 
 The two Sony Vaio laptop / Fujitsu hdd (NYCO24336 and NYCO24337) 
 the following loose storage devices: 
 o Micro SD card (NYCO24339) 
 o Flash Drive (generic) (NYCO24340) 
 o Thumbdrive (Emtec) (NYCO24341) 
 o hard drive (loose) (NYCO24342) 
 o verbatim thumbdrive (NYCO24343) 
 The four San Disk cruzer-thumbdrives (NYCO24344-47) 
 The three Seagate IDE hard drives (NYCO24348-50) 
 The camera SD card (NYCO24351) 
 I think the rest of the devices are either specifically distinguishable and/or have an S/N listed. (By comparison, the USVI 
 spreadsheet we have lists an s/n for about 20 of the 25(ish) devices. 
 The other thing we're looking for is the location in the house (and ideally specific location) for each device, which the USVI 
 list also has — is that info available? 
 The list also has just five devices as still pending to be transferred to us, and I think it's right that the plan is to reproduce 
 all the materials so that we can get them in searchable format, but just wanted to confirm? Currently, we aren't able to 
 match any of the prior productions to specific devices — so if we're able to match them up by Bates number now, that 
 might work, but otherwise I think it makes sense for us to get everything. But let us know if any issue with that. 
 thanks very much, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) 
 Sent: Thursday, May 14, 2020 15:54 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 (NY) (FBI) <->; 
 Subject: Re: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) [Contractor) 
 . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Here is The listing of all the evidence gathered in NY that I have. I added some columns to guide you to the 
 unique numbers CART NY uses fro their evidence. The template wasn't a slam dunk over, so I did what I could to 
 convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
 size, it is in GB, totaled at the bottom and converted to TB. In the materials contained column, I put what load 
 file group the data was transferred over in (Mac, Windows, Loose Media, IDE, or Blacklight) If there is no entry 
 in that column, that data has yet to be transferred. There are 2 Macs and a DVR you don't have as well as an 
 iPhone and an iPad. IF the descriptions are a bit light, let me know and I'll do what I can to beef them up. I will 
 get you the Island stuff tomorrow. 
 EFTA00032072
FBI NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Examiner 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, May 13, 2020 12:25 PM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 Cc: 
 (NY) (FBI) <Ma; (NY) (FBI) •ca> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Respectfully, I think there are some miscommunications here— all we have asked is to receive the materials in a format 
 such that we can view them using a system we have access to. We're not able to get web-enabled access through any FBI 
 tool, so we asked for the materials to be transferred in a loadable format so we could put them on Relativity, which both 
 we and the agents can access. We're required to have the files in a format that we can produce them to defense counsel. 
 I've done that in many other cases and it hasn't previously been an issue. My understanding from is that the best 
 way to do it now is just for us (the U.S. Attorney's Office) to get the original files, which our vendor will process—by which 
 I just mean converting into file formats that are loadable onto Relativity. It doesn't really have anything to do with the 
 taint review—we have to have access to the docs in our systems for discovery purposes. 
 And we were happy to get the materials as they were processed, but when we received the 1.1 million documents earlier 
 this year, they were in a format that wasn't usable for the reasons described in the email I sent on March 9. Again, I 
 understand from that the best way forward is to just get copies of the materials in their original formats, which I 
 understand will be segregated and designated by device. That should work for usl I was just trying to understand the 
 approach, as well as the timeline. 
 thanks, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <M> 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 13:03 
 To: 
 <1 .> 
 Cc: 
 (NY) (FBI) < 
 Subject: Re: Epstein search warrant documents 
 S.; 
 >; 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 (NY) (FBI) <a> 
 Just to be clear. The US Attorney's Office (or it's contractors) are not "processing" anything. You are taking files 
 that I will be extracting from processed evidence and putting them into an E-Discovery tool (Relativity) to do a 
 taint review. 
 Relativity is NOT a forensic tool. It is incapable of dealing with many things that are found forensically on a 
 computer like free space, slack space, and system files to name a few. When we started this, and you insisted 
 you do the taint review in Relativity, I warned you that it was adding months worth of work on top of what was 
 already done, and that Relativity was incapable of viewing everything. You insisted we do it this way. So now 
 and I have come up with a way to fit this round peg into this square hole. We will get it done. 
 EFTA00032073
Sorry it has taken so long, but we are talking about terabytes worth of data over multiple forms of digital 
 evidence. Phones, tablets, loose media, cameras, DVRs, servers, laptops, and desktop computers. We have 
 gotten past encryption on multiple devices. When we review devices on such large cases, we usually do it piece 
 by piece as things are processed, I was unaware that you didn't want to review as things were processed, that 
 you wanted to do it "all at once", so that added to the delay. Sorry for that. Just a differentiation of 
 methodology I suppose. 
 and I feel confident that the method we have come up with will be more consistent and preserve the 
 attribution of files to devices and links of e-mails to attachments that the load file generation that I did a while 
 back was lacking. 
 FBI NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Examiner 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 11:33 AM 
 To: . (NY) (FBI) <e 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Okay, so just to check, you both think that there is not a need to do a test run? You're both comfortable with just basically 
 sending us copies of everything? I don't totally understand why we couldn't have done that eight months ago, but 
 regardless of the passage of time, I want to make sure we understand so we can report to our supervisors. I assume that 
 means that we (at the U.S. Attorney's Office and through contractors) will therefore need to do all the processing 
 ourselves, correct? And thanks again to you both. 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 11:30 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <
 Cc: 
 c ) '; 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Like said in his earlier email. It will be the raw data and it will be marked so it is easier to attribute it to a 
 particular device. Problem now is how to get the data to since he is teleworking. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On May 12, 2020 11:15 AM, " 
 < 
 I have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 11:11 
 wrote: 
 EFTA00032074
To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <
 Cc: 
 < )'; 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 I will use the spreadsheet, no problem. and I ironed out all the details. We've got a good plan moving 
 forward that will meet your needs. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On May 12, 2020 10:34 AM, " 
 < 
 > wrote: 
 it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
 make sure we get all the info we need. I think you had previously sent us a list of certain information that unfortunately 
 wasn't helpful for us, so we want to make sure we're all on the same page. 
 In terms of data transfer, are you just sending a literal copy of all the raw data, and we'll process and upload it on 
 our end? I ask to make sure we don't lose any searchability — when FBI sent versions before, it had already been 
 processed. I think what we talked about on the phone a month ago was getting, for example, data from one device to 
 make sure it transfers correctly, before sending over literally everything — is that still the plan? 
 thanks, 
 From: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 10:27 
 To: 
 Cc: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Hello M, 
 Me and just finished our phone call regarding the data. will put together a list of the all of the data and 
 where the data was collected. I will work to send some hard drives to so he can begin to copy the data and send 
 it to us. I will need to figure out a way to get the data off of the hard drives. 
 Please let us know if there are any questions. 
 Thank you. 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, May 8, 2020 2:15 PM 
 To: 
 (NY) (FBI) < 
 Cc: 
 < 
 (NY) (FBI) c)*; 
 >; ( U SA N YS) 
 (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] <:>: ) 't>; 
 ) 
 (NY) 
 (FBI) <> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 EFTA00032075
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
 returns in early June. Thanks again. 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <M> 
 Sent: Friday, May 08, 2020 14:14 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 (NY) (FBI) c>; 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <=>; 
 (FBI) <I.> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 >; 
 ) 
 (NY) 
 There has been talk of us returning to normal soon, so I don't think it will effect the timeline I initially gave you. 
 If it does, I'll let you know. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On May 8, 2020 1:58 PM, ' 
 < 
 > wrote: 
 Understood, thanks—it will be great to get that list on Thursday. As a refresh, the info we are looking for is in the 
 attached spreadsheet template. 
 On the returns themselves, do the changes you mentioned mean that the estimate of a month from now for complete 
 transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
 estimate would be, so we can factor that in? Thanks very much. 
 From: 
 (NY) 
 (FBI)
 Sent: Friday, May 08, 2020 13:50 
 To: (USANYS) 
 (NY) (FBI) 'c>; 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <:.; 
 •: >; 
 (NY) 
 (FBI) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Sony for the delay, they reduced us to 1 day a week, so things have been stretched out by a factor of 5. I will be 
 back in the office on Thursday and will be able to get you the list then as I have to access some of our systems to 
 do so. 
 Also, please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On May 8, 2020 12:10 PM, ' " < > wrote: 
 EFTA00032076
Following up on the below, I think you had said you expected to be able to get us a list of the devices seized from the 
 search warrants at Epstein's residences in New York and the USVI, as well as from his person upon arrest, in about a 
 month (during our conference call a month ago) — so wanted to check if we can still expect that very soon? We're waiting 
 on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline —
 and also the current timeline on producing the results from those August and September searches? I think you and =I 
 were going to coordinate on that, and you had mentioned you expected we'd have it a couple months from our call, which 
 would be about a month from now. Wanted to make sure we're still on track. 
 thanks, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <II> 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 07, 2020 15:27 
 To: <  ; (USANYS) 
 . (NY) (FBI) <>; (USANYS) < 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <=[>; 
 (FBI) ‹> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 < 
 >; (NY) 
 Ok let's plan on 11am tomorrow morning, I am trying to get an FBI line with a larger capacity but I won't know until 
 tomorrow am. I will push it out when confirmed. 
 Thanks 
 From: ) rn.s 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 07, 2020 3:15 PM 
 (NY) (FBI)<>; (USANYS) <To:>; 
 (NY) (FBI) <>; (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] a; 
 >; 
 (NY) (FBI) sc> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Yes, I can do anytime tomorrow, and can also join anytime tomorrow. So whenever is good on your end. 
 Also, we can host a conference call, but only up to six lines at a time — so if FBI has larger capacity than that let us know, 
 otherwise I'd propose we do: 
 1) 
 2) I= 
 3 ) 
 4) MI 
 5) 
 6) / 
 , 
 if either of you wants to join (and if not, one of 
 From: (NY) (FBI) < 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 07, 2020 14:13 
 EFTA00032077
To: 
 Cc: 
 (USANYS) <a> (NY) (FBI)<>; 
 (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] <a; 
 < 1 '; 
 ) ca; 
 (NY) 
 (FBI) <> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Are available tomorrow for a conference call to discuss this issue? 
 SSA 
 FBI New York 
 On Apr 7, 2020 1:55 PM, ' wrote: 
 Following up on this from a month ago — I know we're living in a different world than what existed four weeks ago, but are 
 you at all able to assist while working remotely? This has been pending for almost two months and we still don't have a 
 very basic list of each device or item that was seized and searched, or for which of those we've received materials. We're 
 happy to have a call if that would be useful, but as a first step the most basic thing we're looking for is the info in the 
 template spreadsheet we sent earlier (that's also attached). 
 thanks, 
 El• 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, March 09, 2020 12:00 
 To: . (NY) (FBI) •:>; (USANYS) 
 (NY) (FBI) <>; (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <I>; 
 (FBI) <a' 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 ) 
 (NY) 
 Unfortunately I don't think this is very helpful to us. Did you take a look at the example spreadsheet I sent on 2/24? The 
 excel file you sent has descriptions that don't match up to the items listed in the search warrant returns (that we sent on 
 2/23), and we don't have the 1B or CART numbers to be able to cross-reference. We also can't tell what you mean by 
 "loose media" without a specific comparison to what was seized, we don't know which items you're referring to as 
 "Windows machines," and we can't tell whether the entirety of any particular item has been transferred, or just partial. 
 For example, it looks like we have gotten very, very few image files, which is surprising. 
 We have also encountered some very significant problems in trying to review the more than 1 million documents we 
 recently received: 
 The data we've received has no way to put any emails and attachments together. So if an email says, "see the 
 attached flight records," for example, we have no way of linking that up with the records themselves. Not only is 
 that a big problem for us in review, it's going to be a huge problem for producing the documents to defense 
 counsel. 
 - The load file has no link to the native file, so when we load the data to the database, there's no way to have the 
 native files show up in the database. Because many of the files are too large to open in the viewer, it effectively 
 EFTA00032078
means that there are many files that are completely invisible to us. 
 Related, the control numbers in the load file don't match up to the native files. So we have two sets of numbers 
 and no way to match up anything—that is, even if we were to try to go hunt down every individual large file in the 
 native files, it would be impossible. 
 So the data that we most recently got, we need to get in a form that addresses those issues, and we likely will need to get 
 a similar reproduction of the data we received a couple months ago. Otherwise we're sifting through more than a million 
 documents without much rhyme or reason. 
 I've re-attached the spreadsheet we sent last week — I think that's a good place to start in terms of our necessary record-
 keeping, and we need that info at the very least, as well as anything else you think would be useful. Also attaching the SW 
 returns for reference. And again, we're happy to meet up anytime and hash all this out in person if that's useful. 
 thanks, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Wednesday, March 04, 2020 16:36 
 To: 
 (NY) (FBI) <->; (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <Ma; 
 (FBI) < 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) 
 •: >; 
 ; 
 (NY) 
 Here is a listing of what I have already handed over in load files to the US Attorney's Office for taint review. Some points of 
 clarification: There were 9 IDE hard drives found in the Manhattan apartment, they turned out to be 3 copies of 3 drives 
 (9 drives in total) from a July 2007 search on one of his properties. I only processed 3 (as they were all copies). All the 
 loose media from the NY apartment is included. All the Windows machines from the NY apartment are included. Only 2 
 Macs from NY and 1 from the Island are included. 
 I will have to more closely coordinate with whoever is loading up Relativity with the remaining Macs as the tool 
 they have to be processed with does not easily re-name the load files. 
 Spreadsheet is attached. 
 NYO CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 (office) 
 (cell) 
 From: ) f mailto I 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 03, 2020 12:25 PM 
 To: . (NY) (FBI) czn 
 (NY) 
 (FBI) 
 <MMas; 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 C. a 
 (NY) (FBI) sc> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) C 
 I could do Thursday morning, but I think it would be helpful for us to get the accounting in advance of the meeting so we 
 can figure out in advance what (if any) additional steps we need — is that possible? 
 EFTA00032079
From: (NY) (FBI) <a> 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 03, 2020 09:59 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: 
 (NY) (FBI) <->; (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] a; ) < 
 (NY) 
 (FBI) <IME> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Can we do Thursday morning? My network should be back by then and I can give you a good accounting. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Mar 2, 2020 11:15 AM, ' 
 Doing the weekly check in on this — is there a time this week when everyone can meet on this? 
 thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 17:38 
 To: . (NY) (FBI) c:.; (USANYS) 
 (NY) (FBI) < (USANYS) c
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor]
 (FBI) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 wrote: 
 < M>: 
 (NY) 
 Totally understand about the network issues—we can relate. I do still think it will be helpful to all sit down together to 
 have an in-person discussion, to make sure everybody is on the same page. Are folks available for that next week? And 
 what I think would be most helpful to facilitate that would be a spreadsheet of each separate device referenced in the two 
 search warrant returns, with columns for whether we've dumped the contents, whether they've been reviewed and/or 
 transferred, what portions were transferred, etc. 
 Something roughly like the attached, with any other categories you think would be useful — and the info on the attached is 
 mostly hypothetical, obviously, just as examples. That will help us fully understand what's been reviewed, transferred, 
 and received so far, and what remains. 
 (Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — I think FBI 
 was going to do an initial screen to make sure no CP, and since I think the answer was no, we'll need to get those to be 
 able to review them as well.) 
 many thanks, 
 EFTA00032080
Conclusion
 The Court should grant bail for Ms. Maxwell on the extraordinary conditions 
 proposed. Should the Court determine that additional conditions are necessary, Ms. 
 Maxwell is willing to satisfy and abide by those terms as well. 
 Dated: March 16, 2021 
 Respectfully submitted: 
 Pat C. St :m. 
 Bobbi C. Stemheim 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor 
 New York NY 10011 
 Phone: 
 Christian R. Everdell 
 COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
 800 Third Avenue 
 Ncw York. NY 10022 
 Phone: 
 Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 
 Laura A. Menninger 
 HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.0 
 150 East 10th Avenue 
 Denver CO 80203 
 Phone: 
 Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell 
 East Building, where Ms. Maxwell is detained, have been reviewed by an HVAC expert retained by the Federal 
 Defenders of New York and have been characterized as a "death trap." The MDC claims it is in the process of 
 installing HEPA filters, a request long overdue in light of concerns regarding ventilation in legal visiting rooms 
 raised early in the pandemic. The alternative — to meet in the opearea where social visiting had been conducted-
 affords no privacy for confidential attomercl lent communication, especially under constant oversight by Ms. 
 Maxwell's guards and a hand-held camera focused on both Ms. Maxwell and counsel. Further, confidential 
 attomeycl ient communications conducted during video teleconferencing (VTC) arc now further compromised by 
 the repositioning of a camera with sensitive audio recording, putting a chill on privileged communication. During 
 VTC conferences, counsel can hear conversation among the guards, so it is likely that the guards, who seem to be 
 writing during those sessions, are able to hear discussions between Ms. Maxwell and counsel. Last night, prior to the 
 fi ling of defense replies to Ms. Maxwell's pretrial motions, the MDC refused her request to speak with her lawyers 
 to provide information bearing on those filings,. Such denial violates the BOP's Program Statement pertaining to 
 providing legal calls upon request of pretrial inmates. See httas:i iwww bon.movicrolicyloroustati713 I 004,pdf at 
 par. 24(c). The chronic difficulties related to Ms. Maxwell's review of the millions of documents of electronic 
 discovery are continuing to negatively impact her ability to prepare for a trial that is only a few months away. 
 10 
 EFTA00031928
From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 09:24 
 To: (USANYS)); 
 (NY) (FBI) <->, (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; ) < 
 1< ) '; 
 (NY) 
 (FBI) <-> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Sorry for the delayed response. They are tearing out our old network and giving us a new one, they mandated we 
 delete old stuff (about 400 TB worth). Now that they are working on replacing the network, we can do only local 
 work. I should be able to give you an accounting of what is what. I can say, off the top of my head, that all 
 windows based items from the NY search have been handed over as well as all loose media. The CDs from NY 
 only contained pictures, no documents. There are still some Apple items from NY that need to be produced. As 
 far as the Island stuff goes, the 1st item on your spreadsheet, the "kitchen" mac has been produced. Still working 
 on the rest. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Feb 23, 2020 12:21 AM, '1 
 Team, 
 > wrote: 
 Following up on the below from last weekend, I'm still not sure how we're addressing this so I thought it would make 
 sense for us to all schedule a (hopefully relatively brief) meeting to all get on the same page? We didn't hear back on 
 which files had previously been provided, but our tech folks did their best to differentiate, and we got access to the 
 materials yesterday and its well over a million documents, and we don't have any idea what we're looking at — i.e., which 
 devices the materials came from, whether it's full or partial results, how many more devices we have coming, etc. 
 Based on the attached search warrant returns, it looks like from the New York mansion (the PDF) there are approximately 
 40 devices that would have storage (computers, hard drives, thumb drives, etc.) and that's not even counting at least 60+ 
 CDs. And then from the Virgin Islands (the Excel spreadsheet), at least more than 25 devices, including multiple servers / 
 server racks. 
 So we gotta know what we've already received, what remains, anticipated schedule, etc, and I know it's a lot of moving 
 pieces on all sides so wanted to loop in everybody at once. The case team will be in California this coming week from 
 Tuesday through Friday, but then I think generally around the first week of March, which will hopefully be plenty of time 
 to schedule a productive meeting. 
 thanks all, 
 IM• 
 From: 
 Sent: Saturday, February 15, 2020 16:30 
 To: (NY) (FBI) <M>; 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <
 • (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 EFTA00032081
ss 
 I'm not sure who's the exact right person to ask this, so wanted to get everybody on one email chain about it — I have the 
 hard drive that dropped off that has new Epstein search warrant materials, but it looks like there are also old 
 materials (that I think we had previously received and uploaded??) on the hard drive, and so I'm not sure what's new. 
 Just generally, and and I talked about this last week too, but it's basically impossible for us to keep track of what 
 we're getting, and what has been completed, without some kind of identification or labeling system, along with a list of 
 which devices have been extracted and downloaded. 
 So for example on the hard drive currently, there are 38 folders labeled "IoadFiles" through "37loadFiles" with a modified 
 date of 11/14/19, which I think we may have already previously received — but I'm not sure, because we haven't gotten 
 any info on which folders match up to which devices, etc. And then there's another folder titled "NYC024362" that has a 
 modified date of 1/27/20, so I think that may be the materials we hadn't previously received? That folder by itself has 
 more than 600,000 items. 
 I don't want to give anything that we've already previously received and uploaded, and I can't tell from the folder or 
 file names whether everything on the drive is new, or whether just additional materials were saved onto it in addition to 
 what we already have. =, are you able to give us some guidance on this? Ultimately what we really need is a 
 spreadsheet of every device, whether it's been dumped (or partially dumped), and then identifying that same info —
 which device, and what materials from it — are being given to us with each data transfer. Otherwise I think 
 organizationally and for review purposes it will be a total disaster for us. 
 We're happy to have a meeting on this if that's helpful — and thanks everybody for the assistance. 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032082
From: "IIM=MY aNIMIE> 
 To: 
 Cc: 'INII6><Wairasli...>
 Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
 Date: Thu, 02 Sep 2021 19:24:03 +0000 
 Attachments: 127129690648.pdf 
 Hi 
 Once you've had the chance to look into this, mind having a call to discuss please? 
 Thanks. 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM 
 Date: a tember 2 2021 at 3:22:42 PM EDT 
 To: 
 Cc: Christian Everdell 
 Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
 Good afternoon-
 In compliance with the Court's order, dated August 25th (attached), I hereby notify you 
 of recent third-party interference with the "secure" Webex line used for confidential/privileged communication 
 between Ms. Maxwell and counsel. 
 At the conclusion of yesterday afternoon's VTC session, Ms. Maxwell observed 
 suspicious activity on the VTC monitor. 
 She alerted MDC staff, and Case Manageretnessed the activity. 
 This is contrary to the Court's finding that "according to the Government and MDC Legal [Ms. Maxwell]'s 
 difficulties communicating with counsel have been resolved" and contrary to "MDC's Legal assurances that 
 [Ms. Maxwell]'s legal communication has not been interfered with..." 
 Previously, the MDC has disputed such claims concerning interference with 
 VTC communication between Ms. Maxwell and counsel. 
 Now, an MDC insider bears witness to complaint by Ms. Maxwell and counsel. 
 Please provide explanation for this interference and evidence of remediation 
 before I report this latest problem to the Court. 
 Thank you-
 Bobbi 
 EFTA00032083
*Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
 Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
 BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
 225 Broadway, Suite 715 
 New York, NY 10007 
 Main: 212-243-1100 
 Cell: 917-912-9698 
 Fax: 888-587-4737 
 bcstemheim@mac.com 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
 that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
 If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
 If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
 then delete this message. Thank you. 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
 that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
 If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
 If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
 then delete this message. Thank you. 
 EFTA00032084
From: ' 
 cj 
 To: iMpliSYNASUr
 Cc: "I (USANYS)"  
 Subject: RE: Rule 23 motion 
 Date: Wed, 22 Jul 2020 22:21:29 +0000 
 Attachments: 2020-07-22,GMJetter_to_Judge_Nathan_re_Local_Rule_23.1_v2.docx 
 )" 
 Very sorry for the delay—I've lost count of how many times I've had to restart my computer today. Attached is the draft in 
 its current form. 
 From: (USANYS) <
 Sent: Wednesday, July 22, 2020 6:18 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 ) 
 Subject: RE: Rule 23 motion 
 Okay, thanks. On the draft, if someone could just send me whatever you have at whatever stage it is now, I'll take it from 
 here as I really want to get this up to the Brass tonight. Thanks 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, July 22, 2020 5:59 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) ; 
 < i>; 
 Subject: RE: Rule 23 motion 
 Perfect, and I did - I mentioned we'd be filing a response in the next day or so. 
 From: (USANYS) <
 Sent: Wednesday, July 22, 2020 17:57 
 To: 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 iS 
 Subject: Re: Rule 23 motion 
 >; 
 I think no position is right, although I think you can tell him we plan to file something in response soon. Speaking of, what 
 is the status of the draft? 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Jul 22, 2020, at 3:58 PM, wrote: 
 Just FYI for everyone, Brad just called and asked if we had a view as to whether victims' counsel should file a response to 
 the defense motion from last night. I said my assumption was that we had no position or view at all with respect to 
 EFTA00032085
what victims' counsel should or should not do, and wouldn't direct victim counsel on something like that, but that I 
 would let him know if that was incorrect. So please let me know if we should convey something else, and I'm happy to 
 pass it along, otherwise I've conveyed our neutrality. 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032086
From: 
 To: 
 Cc• 1= 
 Subject: Epstein 
 Date: Wed, 22 Jul 2020 21:03:34 +0000 
 Hello= 
 I heard a rumor that you are no longer handling this matter, which will be very sad news for us. Is this true? If so, who at 
 OIG will be taking over for you? 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 Tel: 
 EFTA00032087
Description 
 c. 
 1718/2000 
 This is a request under the Freedom of Information Act. 
 I request that a copy of the following documents be provided to me: the mugshot(s) and any other photograph(s) in your agency's possession of federal inmate 
 Ghislaine Maxwell. 
 EFTA00032088
1718/2000 
 n order to help to determine my status to assess fees, you should know that I am a member of the news media with the legal publication Law&Crime. (See here: n 
 awandcrime.com.) This request is made as part of news gathering and not for a commercial use. 
 Ghislaine Maxwell's case is a matter of great national importance considering her involvement in the broader Jeffrey Epstein scandal. The overarching scandal 
 has, for years, touched upon issues of alleged corruption by local, state and federal officials and has reportedly involved serial governmental incompetence. 
 v 
 EFTA00032089
• 
 Requester Information 
 Collapse • 
 Requester 
 Organization 
 Requester Has Account 
 Email Address 
 Phone Number 
 Fax Number 
 Address 
 City 
 State/Province 
 Zip Code/Postal Code 
 No 
 New York 
 NY 
 10001 
 Tracking Number EOUSA-2020-003495 
 Submitted Date 07/08/2020 
 Received Date 07/08/2020 
 Perfected Date 07/08/2020 
 Last Assigned Date 07/08/2020 
 Assigned To (Executive Office for United States 
 Attorneys) 
 Last Assigned By (Executive Office for United States 
 Attorneys) 
 Request Track Simple 
 Fee Limit $20.00 
 EFTA00032090
EXHIBIT A 
 EFTA00031929
From: AIIMMIE> 
 To: 
 Cc: " , ' 
 (USANYS)" 
 Subject: 
 Date: Thu, 23 Jul 2020 16:07:16 +0000 
 Attachments: Part_3.zip 
 Special Agent 
 FBI New York Field Office 
 Violent Crimes Task Force 
 EFTA00032091
BP -A0971 CHAIN OF CUSTODY LOG CDFRM 
 AUG 11 
 U.S. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
 ECN I 
 ITEM I 
 CASE ID NUMBER: 
 M 
 FEDERAL BUREAU 
 melees with/attach to evidence) 
 SUSPECT (If known) 
 r iS IRIPZION OF ITEM: 
 re,1 
 DATE/TIME reEN FOUND: 
 LOCATION: 
 <SIGNATURE OF PERS 
 )(PRINTED MANE: 
 EVIDENCE PLACED IN OVERNIGHT DROP BOX: 
 DROP -BOX BY:(printed name) 
 Date i Time.
 RECOVERING EVIDENCE: 
 OF PRISONS 
 Nitness: (printed name) 
 EVIDENCE RECOVERED FROM OVERNIGHT DROP BOX BY: 
 (printed name) 
 Date i Time: 
 Nitness:(printed name) 
 EVIDENCE PLACED EVIDENCE SAFE BY: 
 (printed name) 
 Date i Time:  
 Nitness:(printed namel 
 DISPOSITION: 
 ( ) Hold as evidence ( ) Return to owner ( 
 ( )• Return to finder ( ) Destroy immediately ( ) 
 ( ).Other 
 REMARKS (condition of evidence): 
 Lab Analysis 
 FBI 
 CHAIN OF CUSTODY 
 EVIDENCE RELEASED BY: DATE/TIME. DESTINATION. DENCE RELEASED TO:
 VIIPII? 13:14nA4 4---err 
 PDF Prescribed by P5510 
 EFTA00032092
BP -A0971 CHAIN OF CUSTODY LOG CDFRM 
 AUG 11 
 U.S. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE FEDERAL BUREAU 
 ECM AIS 
 0 15 
 STEM A , 
 (Enclose with/attach to evidence) 
 , 
 CASE ID NUMBER: SUSPECT (If known)-14(fAc$,'
 In
 4
 DESCRIPTION OF ITEM: i 
 r)rh! made NIDDS•e... 
 DATE/TINE IT FOUND: 1 
 1 
 e.) e-6 . II isten 
 LOCATION: I 
 C1 •
 U 
 I / ( n L,- r-e.12 0 11 Itsr.eD 
 SIGNATURE OF PE SON RECOVERING EVIDENCE: 
 PRINTED NAME* 
 EVIDENCE PLACED IN OVERNIGHT DROP BOX: 
 DROP -BOX BY:(printed name) 
 Date 6 Time.
 Witness:(printed name) 
 EVIDENCE RECOVERED FROM OVERNIGHT DROP BOX BY: 
 (printed name) 
 Date 6 Time: 
 Witness:(printed name) 
 EVIDENCE PLACED EVIDENCE SAFE BY: 
 (printed name) 
 Date 6 Time: 
 Witness:(printed name) 
 DISPOSITION: 
 ( ) Hold as evidence ( ) Return to owner ( ) 
 ( ) Return to finder ( ) Destroy immediately ( I 
 ( ) Other 
 REMARKS (condition of evidence): 
 CHAIN OF CUSTODY 
 Lab Analysis 
 FBI 
 EVIDENCE RELEASED B • D TE TIME: DESTINATI • EVID Cr RELEASED TO: 
 PDF 
 OF PRISONS 
 Prescribed by P5510 
 EFTA00032093
SP -A0971 CHAIN OF CUSTODY LOG CDFRN 
 AUG 11 
 U.S. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE FEDERAL BUREAU OF PRISONS 
 ECN $ 
 to evidence) 
 SUSPECT 
 (If known) Jeffrey, Epstein#76318-154 
 (Enclose with/attach 
 ITEM 
 m-19-00182 
 CASE ID NUMBER: 
 DESCRIPTION OF ITEM: 
 Clothing Epstein was transported to outside hospital with. 
 DATE/TIME ITEM FOUND: 
 August 10, 2019 2 10:15 AM 
 LOCATION:
 New York Presbyterian Hospital 
 SIGNATURE OF PERSON RECOVERING EVIDENC 
 PRINTED NAME: D 
 : 
 /... „..-- - 27 
 EVIDENCE PLACED IN OVERNIGHT 
 DROP -BOX BY:(printed name) 
 Date ii Time* 
 DROP BOX: 
 Witness:(printed name) 
 EVIDENCE RECOVERED FROM OVERNIGHT DROP BOX BY: 
 (printed name) 
 Date a Time: 
 Witness:(printed name) 
 EVIDENCE PLACED EVIDENCE 
 (printed name) 
 SAFE BY: 
 Date a Time: 
 Witness:(printed name) 
 DISPOSITION: 
 ( ) Hold as evidence 
 ( ) Return to finder 
 ( ) Other 
 REMARKS (condition of evidence): 
 ( ) Return to owner ( 
 ( ) Destroy immediately ( 
 CHAIN OF CUSTODY 
 ) Lab Analysis 
 ) FBI 
 DATE/TIME: DESTINATION• RELEASED TO: 
 EVIDENCE RIMUULSWD BY-EVIDENCE 
 Derrick Mebane 8/10/19 10:32AM SIS Office SIS Lt. T. Doctor 
 PDF Prescribed by PSSI0 
 EFTA00032094
FD -597 (Rev 8-11-94) Page  of 
 UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
 FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
 Receipt for Property Received/Returned/Released/Seized 
 File # 
 On (date)  sho1(1
 (Name)  &fiat, e:›F1-1S0.0-5 M E70-1 7.41 coas-ecri otAs 
 (Street Address) /SC> PAP-44. (.J. 
 (City)  If Yol-lC y 0100 q• 
 item(s) listed below were: 
 O Received From 
 O Returned To 
 • Released To 
 O Seized 
 CL-C4 - ra 
 Description of Item(s):  
 Si kre- 14NL0 6M vt S(N : 43 76 c33A 
 /117A Cif WM4 °ewe ii/.5"2.3-63‘ A r3K 
 Se - lv GA-7c--; 4M') 0Av6 2-1710CFSK 0 
 liJ 
 0 
 0 
 tv 
 6
 IL 
 SekGgc - re 
 Sek - Gicfb 
 tP &sregri 
 StAGIce= /AAA a/N vvt 
 g r4& i ? P 
 /417A Gib NAB'-0 0/24 las /kJ Sr /S7.- b FM ION K 
 Settlavn MVO °Ave (.5 / :• SQ 04 8 Ec-75" 
 -&- - k‘orte r Nara ve shu 3 StraiBIPINS44414.1
 44CS /MI pa per 
 tivenerzio I/MO OA-Ave' Sly IP& aorr /I 0 26 
 Uae•Yroco f //4L0 
 AR/v€ S/1/41 :• vJCc2 Ell v 3c/ c-r 
 SEA CokiE N-40 OP cer 51/1/41 7 
 az M8 WI _5 Ez_ 
 /4 4 2-O Chenre 5)0: 5-Veemencrein  ₹l I'm I (1)(2) 
 Alitgo oggv-E. sii1/4) ; --s-T-rreeg5wyerrr Fx 
 ien(orrAe , /that 0Ave yiv 9-7- en o 
 weszext 3 /Mos 74,-- /Maas og, v6 Sinf : uftc 2E 0 6 ce3A 
 SekGrre /4/4 AR-t ve- : 9 e ItAT 
 56 -4 -GA -7E 
 07 
 NA-IW Pi tie- 5/A1 th44 P 
 Seps‘tr - re Emo oaf v 5rni s 
 Zim I L OY4 
 5c -A G ter re 
 Received By: 
 /-(At-9 oft-f ve Q A4 8 M5 A•ve 
 EFTA00032095
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 WARNINGS AND ASSURANCES TO EMPLOYEE REQUESTED 
 TO PROVIDE INFORMATION ON A VOLUNTARY BASIS 
 You are being asked to provide information as part of an investigation being conducted by the 
 Office of the Inspector General. This investigation is being conducted pursuant to the Inspector 
 General Act of 1978, as amended. 
 This investigation pertains to: 
 iffy east-el rt/ co/1)4,4c 0-tier 
 This is a voluntary interview. Accordingly, you do not have to answer questions. No 
 disciplinary action will be taken against you if you choose not to answer questions. 
 Any statement you furnish may be used as evidence in any future criminal proceedings or agency 
 disciplinary proceeding, or both. 
 WAIVER 
 I understand the warnings and assurances stated above and I am willing to make a statement and 
 answer questions. No promises or threats have been made to me and no pressure or coercion of 
 any kind has been used against me. 
 &Ice ofihe Inspector General 
 Special Agent 
 811A,)1 1 
 ess v Date 
 e3 Q/\ 
 Time I LILL 
 016 Form 111-226/2 (04/23/07)Non-Ctestodial/Employee 
 EFTA00032096
9OA-NY-3151227 Serial 28 
 FD -1087 (Rev. 54-I0) 
 UNCLASSIFIED 
 FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
 Collected Item Log 
 Event Title: (U) Submission of CART Derivative Date: 08/16/2019 
 Evidence NYC027703 
 Approved By: 
 Drafted By: 
 Case ID *: 90A-NY-3151227 (U) UNSUB(S); 
 JEFFREY EPSTEIN - VICTIM; 
 DEATH INVESTIGATION 
 Collected From: (U) CART-NY 
 Receipt Given?: No 
 Holding Office: NEW YORK 
 Details: 
 Submission of CART Derivative Evidence NYC027703: One (1) Seagate 
 Barracuda 1000GB Hard Drive, model ST1000DM0G3, S/N Z1D3ZSS0, containing 
 the Clone Copy of 1B3 hard drive (Seagate Barracuda 500GB HDD, 
 ST50GDM002, S/N Z3T6CF5X), collected via TX-1, S/N 000ECC58017156. 
 Request ID 112048. Derivative Copy. 
 Item Type Description 
 1B Digital (U) NYC027703: One (1) Seagate Barracuda 1000GB Hard 
 Drive, model ST1000DM003, S/N Z1D3ZSS0, containing the 
 Clone Copy of 1B3 hard drive (Seagate Barracuda 500GB 
 HDD, ST50GDM002, S/N Z3T6CF5X), collected via TX-1, S/N 
 000ECC58017156. Request ID 112048. Derivative Copy. 
 Collected On: 08/12/2019 07:00 
 Seizing Indivi 
 Collected By: 
 Device Type: 
 Designation: 
 Number of Devices Collected: 1 
 Hard Drive 
 Derivative 
 UNCLASSIFIED 
 PM EDT 
 This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the FBI. It is the property of the FBI and is loaned to your agency: it and its 
 contents arc not to be distributed outside your agency. 
 EFTA00032097
90A -NY -3151227 Serial 28 
 UNCLASSIFIED 
 Title: (U) Submission of CART Derivative Evidence NYCO27703 
 Re: 90A-NY-3151227, 08/16/2019 
 .• 
 UNCLASSIFIED 
 2 
 EFTA00032098
90A -NY -3151227 Serial 26 
 FD -I087 (Rev. 5-8-ICI) 
 UNCLASSIFIED 
 FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
 Collected Item Log 
 Event Title: (U) Submission of CART Derivative Date: 08/16/2019 
 Evidence NYCO27701 
 Approved By: 
 Drafted By: 
 Case ID #: 90A-NY-3151227 (U) UNSUB(S); 
 JEFFREY EPSTEIN - VICTIM; 
 DEATH INVESTIGATION 
 Collected From: (U) CART-NY 
 Receipt Given?: No 
 Holding Office: NEW YORK 
 Details: 
 Submission of CART Derivative Evidence NYCO27701: One (1) Seagate 
 Barracuda 1000GB Hard Drive, model ST1000DM003, S/N S1D85PLA, containing 
 the Clone Copy of 1B1 hard drive (Seagate Barracuda 500GB HDD, 
 ST500DM002, S/N 23T6C3JA), collected via Tableau TX-1, S/N 000ECC58017139 
 (F2882257). Request ID 112048. Derivative Copy. 
 Item Type Description 
 1B Digital (U) NYCO27701: One (1) Seagate Barracuda 1000GB Hard 
 Drive, model ST1000DM003, S/N S1D85PLA, containing the 
 Clone Copy of 1B1 hard drive (Seagate Barracuda 500GB 
 HDD, ST500DM002, S/N 23T6CJJA), collected via Tableau 
 TX -1, S/N 000ECC58017139 (F2882257). Request ID 112048. 
 Derivative Copy. 
 Collected On: • DT 
 Seizing Indivi 
 Collected By: 
 Device Type: ar rive 
 Designation: Derivative 
 UNCLASSIFIED 
 This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the FBI. Ins the property of the FBI and is loaned to your agency; it and its 
 contents arc not to be distributed outside your agency. 
 EFTA00032099
90A -NY -3151227 Serial 26 
 UNCLASSIFIED 
 Title: (U) Submission of CART Derivative Evidence NYCO27701 
 Re: 90A-NY-3151227, 08/16/2019 
 Number of Devices Collected: 1 
 .• 
 UNCLASSIFIED 
 2 
 EFTA00032100
WILLIAM JULIE 
 AVOCAT A LA COUR - ATTORNEY AT LAW 
 March 14th 2021 
 Re: Additional opinion on the extradition of nationals by the French government 
 This memorandum was written pursuant to a request from Olivier Laude, a partner at 
 the French firm Laude Esquier Champey acting on behalf of Cohen & Gresser LLP as 
 counsel for Ms Ghislaine Maxwell. The request was made in the context of ongoing bail 
 proceedings involving Ms Maxwell in the United States of America (hereafter "USA"), 
 where Ms Maxwell is being detained pre-trial on charges relating to her alleged role in 
 sexual activities involving Jeffrey Epstein from 1994 to 1997. 
 2. In a previous opinion, I have outlined why French authorities could decide to execute 
 an extradition request against a French citizen under the Extradition Treaty between the 
 USA and France, without violating any superior norm of French and international law. 
 3. As I understand the defendant's French nationality continues to be regarded by the Court 
 as a bar to her release pending trial, I am informed that the defendant is prepared to 
 renounce French nationality under Article 23-4 of the French Civil Code, if the Court 
 so requires. 
 4. a letter to the Department of Justice dated 9 March 2021, the Head of the International 
 Criminal Assistance Bureau of the French Ministry of Justice, Mr Philippe laegle, 
 asserts that the loss of French nationality after the criminal act which the person is 
 alleged to have committed does not affect the rule against the extradition of nationals, 
 as nationality must be assessed at the time of commission of the offence and not at the 
 time of the extradition request. 
 5. This report was written to provide a counter opinion on this issue, in support of the 
 proposition that the French government would be legally entitled to execute an 
 extradition request against an individual who is no longer a French national. 
 6. The Ministry of Justice's assertion must be regarded as incorrect for three reasons: 
 (i) It is not supported by the letter of the law; 
 1 
 31, Rue AMPERE - 75017 PARIS - TEL. 01 86 33 51 80 — FAX. 01 1313 33 51 81 
 wiatwiavOCAISCOM • s-ww.vellivoCatiLCOM • PALMS C1652 
 EFTA00031930
90A -NY -3151227 Serial 21 
 FD -I087 (Rev. 5-8-I0) 
 UNCLASSIFIED 
 FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
 Collected Item Log 
 Event Title: (U) Submission of CART Evidence Date: 08/14/2019 
 NYC023595 
 Approved By: 
 Drafted By: 
 Case ID #: 90A-NY-3151227 (U) UNSUB(S); 
 JEFFREY EPSTEIN - VICTIM; 
 DEATH INVESTIGATION 
 Collected From: (U) MCC-NY 
 Receipt Given?: No 
 Holding Office: NEW YORK 
 Details: 
 Submission of CART Evidence NYC023595: One (1) Seagate Barracuda 500GB 
 HDD, ST3500320NS, S/N 9QM8MSRR, from MCC Nice Vision DVR2 Surveillance 
 System (18 of 18). 
 Item Type Description 
 lb Digital (U) NYC023595: One (1) Seagate Barracuda 500GB HDD, 
 ST3500320NS, S/N 9QM8MSRR, from MCC Nice Vision DVR2 
 Surveillance System (18 of 18). 
 Collected On: 08/10/2019 04:30 PM EDT 
 Seizing Indi 
 Collected By 
 Device Type: ar rive 
 Designation: Original 
 Number of Devices Collected: 1 
 .• 
 UNCLASSIFIED 
 This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the FBI. Ins the property of the FBI and is loaned to your agency; it and its 
 contents arc not to be distributed outside your agency. 
 EFTA00032101
90A -NY -3151227 Serial 27 
 FD -1087 (Rev. 5-8-I0) 
 UNCLASSIFIED 
 FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
 Collected Item Log 
 Event Title: (U) Submission of CART Derivative Date: 08/16/2019 
 Evidence NYC027702 
 Approved By: 
 Drafted By: 
 Case ID #: 90A-NY-3151227 (U) UNSUB(S); 
 JEFFREY EPSTEIN - VICTIM; 
 DEATH INVESTIGATION 
 Collected From: (U) CART-NY 
 Receipt Given?: No 
 Holding Office: NEW YORK 
 Details: 
 Submission of CART Derivative Evidence NYC027702: One (1) Hitachi 1TB 
 Hard Drive, HUA722010CLA330, S/N JPW9K0N039EZLL, containing the Clone 
 Copy of 182 hard drive (Hitachi 500GB HDD, HDS721050CLA662, S/N 
 JP1572JE36A13K), collected via Tableau TX-1, S/N 000ECC58011098. Request 
 ID 112048. Derivative Copy. 
 Item Type Description 
 1B Digital (U) NYC027702: One (1) Hitachi 1TB Hard Drive, 
 HUA722010CLA330, S/N JPW9K0N039EZLL, containing the 
 Clone Copy of 182 hard drive (Hitachi 500GB HDD, 
 HDS721050CLA662, S/N JP1572JE36A13K), collected via 
 Tableau TX-1, S/N 000ECC5801109B. Request ID 112048. 
 Derivative Copy. 
 Collected On: 08/12/2019 07:00 PM EDT 
 Seizing Indi 
 Located By: 
 Device Type: 
 Designation: Derivative 
 UNCLASSIFIED 
 This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the FBI. It is the property of the FBI and is loaned to your agency; it and its 
 contents arc not to be distributed outside your agency. 
 EFTA00032102
90A -NY -3151227 Serial 27 
 UNCLASSIFIED 
 Title: (U) Submission of CART Derivative Evidence NYCO27702 
 Re: 90A-NY-3151227, 08/16/2019 
 Number of Devices Collected: 1 
 .• 
 UNCLASSIFIED 
 2 
 EFTA00032103
From: " )"  
 To: ' (USANYS)"  
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Date: Fri, 10 Jul 2020 20:44:36 +0000 
 So the estimate from BRG was for less than 30 days, and that was to do everything - extraction plus processing, and I 
 think extraction is the longer part of that. One we get an estimate from PAE, if it's longer than a few weeks to process, we 
 can go back to BRG and get an estimate on just processing (without extraction) and see what they say. I would guess it 
 would be something like a couple weeks. 
 (As you can probably tell, I'm trying to catch up on emails from earlier this week!) 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Wednesday, July 08, 2020 18:29 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Do we know how long it would take BRG to do the processing? 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, July 8, 2020 5:56 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 That's partially right but not completely — the BRG estimate is for dumping the devices but *also* processing all the data. 
 That is, converting all the Word, Excel, PDF, JPEG, BMP, PPT, etc etc files into a loadable file set for Relativity (specifically, 
 converting to TIFF and load files that can be uploaded). 
 That intermediate step is something that the FBI had told us they would do, but now are not doing, because they screwed 
 it up so badly last time. So ordinarily we have PAE do the processing, but if they say it will take, say, three months, we can 
 do it faster through BRG. 
 Either way we'll review in Relativity, though. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Wednesday, July 08, 2020 17:52 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 I thought the role we wanted BRG to play was the dumping of the devices — I had thought, perhaps incorrectly, that we 
 always planned to use Relatively to review once we were into them. Is that not the case? 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, July 8, 2020 5:26 PM 
 To: ( USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 EFTA00032104
=will hopefully be able to tell us within a few days whether it's very obviously incorrectly formatted. Then the next 
 test will be once it's on Relativity, and that will be an estimate by PAE (or BRG, if they can do it much faster). 
 From: (USANYS) c
 Sent: Wednesday, July 08, 2020 16:40 
 To: 
 Subject: Re: Epstein search warrant documents 
 I think probably not if it seems like we're now ,etting what we need from FBI. When will we know if what FBI 
 gave us today is correctly formatted - will be able to tell us? 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Jul 8, 2020, at 3:48 PM, > wrote: 
 Hey, I held off on this after we got the update from FBI, but would it still be useful to do? Totally happy to if so, just 
 wanted to check — thanks. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 19:15 
 To: 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Have you run this budget/project by Ed yet? If not, would you mind doing so tomorrow or when you next can. Please 
 copy me and make clear it is on Epstein/Maxwell. Thanks. 
 From: < 
 Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 5:11 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 > 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Following up on the below, I think we've given this our absolute best efforts with FBI —they are now well over a month 
 later than their estimate from April on when we would get the New York materials, they're also past their estimate of 
 getting us the New York materials from just this Monday, and we don't have anything close to an estimate on the USVI 
 materials, which constitute the overwhelming majority of the data and are vastly more voluminous than the New York 
 devices. We have kept pushing the timeline back for this option, hoping that CART will finalize, but I think at this point 
 we should have a vendor do it. 
 Attached is an estimate we got from BRG, which would get everything to us in under a month, and in Relativity-friendly 
 format, in a range of $85-135K. BRG has done this for our office multiple times in the past and are very effective and 
 efficient, and they get the materials we need. And most importantly, they estimate they can do it all in less than a 
 month. May we have approval to seek funding for this? The estimate is attached. Thanks very much. 
 EFTA00032105
From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 30, 2020 16:23 
 To: '-. (NY) (FBI)' 
 a; 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Cc: (USANYS) <> (NY) (FBI) <->, 
 I 
 >; < (NY) (FBI) 
 `. >; 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 > 
 Checking in for the estimate of when we can expect to get all the USVI materials? 
 thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 13:00 
 To: (NY) (FBI) <>; (USANYS) [Contractor] <E> 
 Cc: (USANYS) c> . (NY) (FBI) < 
 >; (NY) (FBI) 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Okay thanks — good luck with the cardiologist! And if you can let us know tomorrow that would be great. Thanks again. 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 12:59 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 . (NY) (FBI) < 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 When Pm in the office tomorrow, I will be better able to estimate. Pm at my cardiologist right now. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 29, 2020 12:56 PM, " 
 < 
 > wrote: 
 Great, thanks. Is there even a rough estimate of when we will get the USVI materials? Or an estimate of when you'll be 
 able to see how many items to export, so we'll have a better sense of when we'll get those? 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 12:55 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <
 Cc: (USANYS) . (NY) (FBI) < 
 EFTA00032106
) <->; 
 ) czi; 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 >, (USANYS) <7; 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Yep 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 29, 2020 12:52 PM,' 
 < 
 > wrote: 
 Okay, and I'm sorry to ask again, but to make sure, in this production, you're sending us new versions of what you 
 previously sent? 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 12:50 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 ) 
 se M>; 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 . (NY) (FBI) < 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 You are getting both NY and USVI. The biggest stumbling block are the newer Mac items that are in APFS 
 (there are a bunch from the Island,) so it is difficult to estimate how long those will take until I see how many 
 items I have to export. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 29, 2020 12:40 PM,' 
 y. < 
 > wrote: 
 Okay thanks, and just to clarify, a few days to finalize the New York materials, and then what about the USVI materials? I 
 think that is quite a bit more. Just looking for an estimated completion date for everything. 
 And on my other question — does this mean you're giving us a new, complete copy of everything from both NY and 
 USVI? 
 thanks, 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 12:34 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <:,; 
 Cc: (USANYS) (NY) (FBI) 
 c 
 >; 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 EFTA00032107
I am in the process ofAtoorting the materials (documents, spreadsheets, emails, etc) for your review as per 
 my discussions with =. Most of the NY stuff is done, just Mac items left. This might take a few days as 1 
 item in particular has over 500,000 emails. We will be able to provide discovery once Defense Council has 
 provided drives for us to copy items over to. This goes quicker as there is no processing involved. I'll let you 
 know when everything is complete. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 29, 2020 11:03 AM, ' > wrote: 
 Following up on this, I understand from that she was able to provide you with a 12 TB drive last week — could you 
 please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? I expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early as this 
 week. 
 Also, the related critical question that I don't think we have clarity on is whether you're giving us a copy of everything 
 that was collected (including reproducing the materials that you previously gave us, but which are not searchable), or 
 have you and figured out a way to categorize the prior productions so they're useful for us? We would strongly 
 prefer to just get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials 
 differently than that. 
 thanks, 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Friday, June 19, 2020 13:14 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 • 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 ) 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 . (NY) (FBI) < 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 We are going every other day now, ramping up to 75% week after next. I need drives to put things on like 
 and I discussed earlier. Once I have those drives, it will take me a couple days to copy stuff. LMK when I can 
 expect the drives. Thanks. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 19, 2020 1:09 PM,' 
 < 
 > wrote: 
 following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
 urgent. Thanks. 
 EFTA00032108
From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, June 17, 2020 14:28 
 To: (NY) (FBI) 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Cc: . (NY) (FBI) •:>: `1›; 
 ); (NY) (FBI) <=,•; (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 < M> 
 Wanted to circle back on this and check in, particularly because we desperately need to get the results from the July and 
 September searches before moving forward with possible additional charges in the case. I know you had mentioned you 
 needed to push back your prior estimate of complete production by early June, by a couple weeks, so wanted to see 
 what the current estimate is? I don't think we've started to get anything yet but please correct me if I'm wrong. 
 thanks, 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <M> 
 Sent: Monday, June 01, 2020 16:28 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <a; 
 Cc: . (NY) (FBI) 
 < >; 
 > 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Will do. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 (NY) (FBI) <M> 
 On Jun 1, 2020 4:26 PM,' 
 y. < 
 > wrote: 
 Understood, and thanks for letting us know. Let's keep in touch both on timing and also on whether there's a way to 
 identify and categorize what's already been produced, or if we'll need to just get all the raw data at this stage and go 
 from there. 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <M> 
 Sent: Monday, June 01, 2020 16:23 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor]
 Cc: 
 (NY) (FBI) ic=> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 Unfortunately, recent events and our staffing levels have conspired to put a kink in just about everything. If we 
 can't make heads or tails of the stuff I've already produced, we'll do it again. They have told us that our staffing 
 levels will be steadily increasing over the next few weeks, but I'm going to have to push back my estimate by a 
 EFTA00032109
week or 2. Sony about that. My next day in the office is Thursday, so Ill be able to see if I can easily identify 
 what I already gave you and many it to a reliable identifier. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Jun 1, 2020 4:13 PM, " )" < 
 Thanks for this update — we'll take a look and circle back if any questions. 
 > wrote: 
 Separately, to follow up on a question from the May 15 email below, the list has just five devices as still pending to be 
 transferred to us, and I think it's right that the plan is to reproduce all the materials so that we can get them in 
 searchable format, but just wanted to confirm? Currently, we aren't able to match any of the prior productions to 
 specific devices — so if we're able to match them up by Bates number now, that might work, but otherwise I think it 
 makes sense for us to get everything. But let us know if any issue with that. 
 And related to that question, are we still on track to get the full range of data in the next week or so? I don't think we've 
 gotten any updates on that status in the past few weeks, and we're eager to be able to start reviewing. 
 thanks again, 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Friday, May 29, 2020 12:53 
 To: 
 > 
 Cc: 
 < )'; 
 (NY) (FBI) < 
 Subject: Re: Epstein search warrant documents 
 >; 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 (NY) (FBI) <EM> 
 Updated item descriptions. Just a side note, many thumb drives and SD cards will not have a serial number 
 visible externally, but will report one through our tools. I included those electronically reported serial 
 numbers. Any questions, let me know. 
 FBI NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Examiner 
 From: 
 ) 
 Sent: Friday, May 15, 2020 4:11 PM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) <le 
 Cc: C 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 (NY) (FBI) < >; 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) (FBI) <> 
 EFTA00032110
From: (USANYS)" •ttIMME> 
 To: "Strauss, Audrey (USANYS " 
 (USANYS)" 
 SANYS)" 
 ) 
 11 .. 1 (USANYS)"
 , 
 Subject: Epstein T&E Meeting 
 Date: Wed, 08 Jan 2020 14:55:12 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00031913
WILLIAM JULIE 
 AVOCAT A LA COUR - ATTORNEY AT LAW 
 (ii) Nor is it supported by the spirit of the law; 
 (iii) Case law and precedents in fact suggest the opposite. 
 7. First, the Ministry's interpretation goes against the letter of the law. 
 8. American extradition requests are principally governed by the Extradition Treaty 
 between the USA and France of 23 April 1996 ("the Treaty") and the French Code of 
 Criminal Procedure for matters not dealt with under the Treaty. 
 9. Article 3(1) of the Treaty provides: 
 "There is no obligation upon the Requested State to grant the extradition of a person 
 who is a national of the Requested State, but the executive authority of the United 
 States shall have the power to surrender a national of the United States if, in its 
 discretion, it deems it proper to do so. The nationality of the person sought shall be 
 the nationality of that person at the time the offense was committed". 
 10. Article 696-4 of the French Code of Criminal Procedure provides for the same rule. 
 under similar wording: 
 "Extradition shall not be granted: 
 1° When the person claimed has French nationality, the latter being assessed at the time 
 of the offense for which extradition is requested" 
 I I. Under a literal reading of these provisions, the nationality protection only applies where 
 French authorities are faced with an extradition request against a person who is a French 
 national at the time of the extradition request. Both the Treaty and the French Code of 
 I Other relevant international treaties include: the Agreement on Extradition between the United States of 
 America and the European Union s ivied in Washington on 25 June 2003, and the Instalment Amending the 
 Treaty of 23 Apnl 1996 between the United States of Amok a and France signed in the Hague on 30 September 
 2004. 
 2 
 51, RUE AmvERE • 75017 RARis tee. 01 88 33 51 80 — FAX. 01 88 33 51 81 
 wjeJwjavocats.com • WVAV.WiMocats.com - PALMS C1652 
 EFTA00031931
Thanks for this, it's a helpful start. In terms of being able to write our search warrant, one additional piece of 
 information we need is the serial number, or some other specific identifier, ideally for each device but at least for any 
 device that there is more than one of the same thing. So for example, we need to be able to somehow differentiate the 
 following devices — 
 The two Dell power edge T310 hard drives (NYCO24323 and NYCO24324) 
 The two Sony Vaio laptop / Fujitsu hdd (NYCO24336 and NYCO24337) 
 the following loose storage devices: 
 o Micro SD card (NYCO24339) 
 o Flash Drive (generic) (NYCO24340) 
 o Thumbdrive (Emtec) (NYCO24341) 
 o hard drive (loose) (NYCO24342) 
 o verbatim thumbdrive (NYCO24343) 
 The four San Disk cruzer-thumbdrives (NYCO24344-47) 
 The three Seagate IDE hard drives (NYCO24348-50) 
 The camera SD card (NYCO24351) 
 I think the rest of the devices are either specifically distinguishable and/or have an S/N listed. (By comparison, the USVI 
 spreadsheet we have lists an s/n for about 20 of the 25(ish) devices. 
 The other thing we're looking for is the location in the house (and ideally specific location) for each device, which the 
 USVI list also has — is that info available? 
 The list also has just five devices as still pending to be transferred to us, and I think it's right that the plan is to reproduce 
 all the materials so that we can get them in searchable format, but just wanted to confirm? Currently, we aren't able to 
 match any of the prior productions to specific devices — so if we're able to match them up by Bates number now, that 
 might work, but otherwise I think it makes sense for us to get everything. But let us know if any issue with that. 
 thanks very much, 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) < 
 Sent: Thursday, May 14, 2020 15:54 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor) 
 Cc: >; 
 (NY) (FBI) < 
 Subject: Re: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) (FBI) <> 
 >; 
 Here is The listing of all the evidence gathered in NY that I have. I added some columns to guide you to the 
 unique numbers CART NY uses fro their evidence. The template wasn't a slam dunk over, so I did what I could 
 to convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for 
 approximate size, it is in GB, totaled at the bottom and converted to TB. In the materials contained column, I 
 put what load file group the data was transferred over in (Mac, Windows, Loose Media, IDE, or Blacklight) If 
 there is no entry in that column, that data has yet to be transferred. There are 2 Macs and a DVR you don't 
 have as well as an iPhone and an iPad. IF the descriptions are a bit light, let me know and I'll do what I can to 
 beef them up. I will get you the Island stuff tomorrow. 
 EFTA00032111
FBI NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Examiner 
 From: 
 ) <> 
 Sent: Wednesday, May 13, 2020 12:25 PM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Cc: 
 ) 
 (NY) (FBI) <->; (NY) (FBI) < 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Respectfully, I think there are some miscommunications here — all we have asked is to receive the materials in a format 
 such that we can view them using a system we have access to. We're not able to get web-enabled access through any 
 FBI tool, so we asked for the materials to be transferred in a loadable format so we could put them on Relativity, which 
 both we and the agents can access. We're required to have the files in a format that we can produce them to defense 
 counsel. I've done that in many other cases and it hasn't previously been an issue. My understanding from is that 
 the best way to do it now is just for us (the U.S. Attorney's Office) to get the original files, which our vendor will process 
 —by which I just mean converting into file formats that are loadable onto Relativity. It doesn't really have anything to 
 do with the taint review—we have to have access to the docs in our systems for discovery purposes. 
 And we were happy to get the materials as they were processed, but when we received the 1.1 million documents 
 earlier this year, they were in a format that wasn't usable for the reasons described in the email I sent on March 9. 
 Again, I understand from =I that the best way forward is to just get copies of the materials in their original formats, 
 which I understand will be segregated and designated by device. That should work for us! I was just trying to 
 understand the approach, as well as the timeline. 
 thanks, 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 13:03 
 To: 
 Cc: >; 
 (NY) (FBI) <->, 
 Subject: Re: Epstein search warrant documents 
 >; (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 (NY) (FBI) c 
 Just to be clear. The US Attorney's Office (or it's contractors) are not "processing" anything. You are taking files 
 that I will be extracting from processed evidence and putting them into an E-Discovery tool (Relativity) to do a 
 taint review. 
 Relativity is NOT a forensic tool. It is incapable of dealing with many things that are found forensically on a 
 computer like free space, slack space, and system files to name a few. When we started this, and you insisted 
 you do the taint review in Relativity, I warned you that it was adding months worth of work on top of what 
 was already done, and that Relativity was incapable of viewing everything. You insisted we do it this way. So 
 now and I have come up with a way to fit this round peg into this square hole. We will get it done. 
 EFTA00032112
Sorry it has taken so long, but we are talking about terabytes worth of data over multiple forms of digital 
 evidence. Phones, tablets, loose media, cameras, DVRs, servers, laptops, and desktop computers. We have 
 gotten past encryption on multiple devices. When we review devices on such large cases, we usually do it 
 piece by piece as things are processed, I was unaware that you didn't want to review as things were 
 processed, that you wanted to do it "all at once", so that added to the delay. Sorry for that. Just a 
 differentiation of methodology I suppose. 
 and I feel confident that the method we have come up with will be more consistent and preserve the 
 attribution of files to devices and links of e-mails to attachments that the load file generation that I did a while 
 back was lacking. 
 FBI NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Examiner 
 From: ) < 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 11:33 AM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) <M>: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Okay, so just to check, you both think that there is not a need to do a test run? You're both comfortable with just 
 basically sending us copies of everything? I don't totally understand why we couldn't have done that eight months ago, 
 but regardless of the passage of time, I want to make sure we understand so we can report to our supervisors. I assume 
 that means that we (at the U.S. Attorney's Office and through contractors) will therefore need to do all the processing 
 ourselves, correct? And thanks again to you both. 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 11:30 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Cc: 
 c . > ; I
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Like said in his earlier email. It will be the raw data and it will be marked so it is easier to attribute it to a 
 particular device. Problem now is how to get the data to since he is teleworking. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On May 12, 2020 11:15 AM,' 
 < 
 I have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanksl 
 > wrote: 
 EFTA00032113
From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 11:11 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 > 
 I will use the spreadsheet, no problem. and I ironed out all the details. We've got a good plan moving 
 forward that will meet your needs. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On May 12, 2020 10:34 AM, ' 
 < 
 wrote: 
 , it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
 make sure we get all the info we need. I think you had previously sent us a list of certain information that unfortunately 
 wasn't helpful for us, so we want to make sure we're all on the same page. 
 In terms of data transfer, are you just sending a literal copy of all the raw data, and we'll process and upload it 
 on our end? I ask to make sure we don't lose any searchability — when FBI sent versions before, it had already been 
 processed. I think what we talked about on the phone a month ago was getting, for example, data from one device to 
 make sure it transfers correctly, before sending over literally everything — is that still the plan? 
 thanks, 
 From: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Sent: Tuesday, May 12, 2020 10:27 
 To: 
 Cc: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Hello M, 
 Me and just finished our phone call regarding the data. will put together a list of the all of the data 
 and where the data was collected. I will work to send some hard drives to so he can begin to copy the data and 
 send it to us. I will need to figure out a way to get the data off of the hard drives. 
 Please let us know if there are any questions. 
 Thank you. 
 From: I < 
 Sent: Friday, May 8, 2020 2:15 PM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) 
 (USANYS) 
 I (NY) (FBI) <->, (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < 
 4: >; 
 EFTA00032114
(NY) 
 (FBI) < 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review 
 the returns in early June. Thanks again. 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <MME> 
 Sent: Friday, May 08, 2020 14:14 
 To: (USANYS) 
 (NY) (FBI) < (USANYS) < 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 < M>; 
 fl (NY) 
 (FBI) ‹> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 There has been talk of us returning to normal soon, so I don't think it will effect the timeline I initially gave 
 you. If it does, I'll let you know. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On May 8, 2020 1:58 PM, " 
 < 
 wrote: 
 Understood, thanks—it will be great to get that list on Thursday. As a refresh, the info we are looking for is in the 
 attached spreadsheet template. 
 On the returns themselves, do the changes you mentioned mean that the estimate of a month from now for complete 
 transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
 estimate would be, so we can factor that in? Thanks very much. 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <E> 
 Sent: Friday, May 08, 2020 13:50 
 To: (USANYS)
 (NY) (FBI) 
 c >; 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 < M>i 
 (NY) 
 (F 8 0 <> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Sony for the delay, they reduced us to 1 day a week, so things have been stretched out by a factor of 5. I will be 
 back in the office on Thursday and will be able to get you the list then as I have to access some of our systems 
 to do so. 
 Also, , please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 EFTA00032115
desk 
 On May 8, 2020 12:10 PM, " 
 I/ < 
 wrote: 
 Following up on the below, I think you had said you expected to be able to get us a list of the devices seized from the 
 search warrants at Epstein's residences in New York and the USVI, as well as from his person upon arrest, in about a 
 month (during our conference call a month ago) — so wanted to check if we can still expect that very soon? We're 
 waiting on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current 
 timeline — and also the current timeline on producing the results from those August and September searches? I think 
 you and I= were going to coordinate on that, and you had mentioned you expected we'd have it a couple months 
 from our call, which would be about a month from now. Wanted to make sure we're still on track. 
 thanks, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 07, 2020 15:27 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 . (NY) (FBI) <I>; (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 (NY) 
 (FBI) <EM> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) .ca 
 Ok let's plan on 11am tomorrow morning, I am trying to get an FBI line with a larger capacity but I won't know until 
 tomorrow am. I will push it out when confirmed. 
 Thanks 
 From: ) [mailto: 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 07, 2020 3:15 PM 
 (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 . (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 (USANYS) < >; 
 (USANYS) 
 < 
 . (NY) (FBI) <=> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 ) 
 Yes, I can do anytime tomorrow, and can also join anytime tomorrow. So whenever is good on your end. 
 Also, we can host a conference call, but only up to six lines at a time — so if FBI has larger capacity than that let us know, 
 otherwise I'd propose we do: 
 1) 
 2) I= 
 3 ) I= 
 4) MI 
 5) /MI 
 6) / , if either of you wants to join (and if not, one of 
 EFTA00032116
From: (NY) (FBI) < 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 07, 2020 14:13 
 To: (USANYS) < (NY) (FBI) <->; 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <->; 
 (FBI) 
 <
 > 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Are vou available tomorrow for a conference call to discuss this issue? 
 SSA MI 
 FBI New York 
 On Apr 7, 2020 1:55 PM, ' 
 (NY) 
 wrote: 
 Following up on this from a month ago — I know we're living in a different world than what existed four weeks ago, but 
 are you at all able to assist while working remotely? This has been pending for almost two months and we still don't 
 have a very basic list of each device or item that was seized and searched, or for which of those we've received 
 materials. We're happy to have a call if that would be useful, but as a first step the most basic thing we're looking for is 
 the info in the template spreadsheet we sent earlier (that's also attached). 
 thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, March 09, 2020 12:00 
 To: (NY) (FBI) cffi,  (USANYS) .<>: 
 I (NY) (FBI) <->; (USANYS)
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < , 
 4 : >; 
 c ''; 
 (NY) 
 (FBI) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Unfortunately I don't think this is very helpful to us. Did you take a look at the example spreadsheet I sent on 2/24? The 
 excel file you sent has descriptions that don't match up to the items listed in the search warrant returns (that we sent on 
 2/23), and we don't have the 1B or CART numbers to be able to cross-reference. We also can't tell what you mean by 
 "loose media" without a specific comparison to what was seized, we don't know which items you're referring to as 
 "Windows machines," and we can't tell whether the entirety of any particular item has been transferred, or just partial. 
 For example, it looks like we have gotten very, very few image files, which is surprising. 
 We have also encountered some very significant problems in trying to review the more than 1 million documents we 
 recently received: 
 The data we've received has no way to put any emails and attachments together. So if an email says, "see the 
 attached flight records," for example, we have no way of linking that up with the records themselves. Not only is 
 that a big problem for us in review, it's going to be a huge problem for producing the documents to defense 
 counsel. 
 EFTA00032117
The load file has no link to the native file, so when we load the data to the database, there's no way to have the 
 native files show up in the database. Because many of the files are too large to open in the viewer, it effectively 
 means that there are many files that are completely invisible to us. 
 - Related, the control numbers in the load file don't match up to the native files. So we have two sets of 
 numbers and no way to match up anything—that is, even if we were to try to go hunt down every individual 
 large file in the native files, it would be impossible. 
 So the data that we most recently got, we need to get in a form that addresses those issues, and we likely will need to 
 get a similar reproduction of the data we received a couple months ago. Otherwise we're sifting through more than a 
 million documents without much rhyme or reason. 
 I've re-attached the spreadsheet we sent last week — I think that's a good place to start in terms of our necessary record-
 keeping, and we need that info at the very least, as well as anything else you think would be useful. Also attaching the 
 SW returns for reference. And again, we're happy to meet up anytime and hash all this out in person if that's useful. 
 thanks, 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Wednesday, March 04, 2020 16:36 
 To: 
 (NY) (FBI) <->; (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 (FBI) < 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) 
 (NY) 
 Here is a listing of what I have already handed over in load files to the US Attorney's Office for taint review. Some points 
 of clarification: There were 9 IDE hard drives found in the Manhattan apartment, they turned out to be 3 copies of 3 
 drives (9 drives in total) from a July 2007 search on one of his properties. I only processed 3 (as they were all copies). All 
 the loose media from the NY apartment is included. All the Windows machines from the NY apartment are included. 
 Only 2 Macs from NY and 1 from the Island are included. 
 I will have to more closely coordinate with whoever is loading up Relativity with the remaining Macs as the tool 
 they have to be processed with does not easily re-name the load files. 
 Spreadsheet is attached. 
 NYO CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 (office) 
 (cell) 
 From: ) [rnailto. 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 03, 2020 12:25 PM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) 
 (NY) (FBI) (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < 
 (USANYS) 
 . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 EFTA00032118
I could do Thursday morning, but I think it would be helpful for us to get the accounting in advance of the meeting so we 
 can figure out in advance what (if any) additional steps we need — is that possible? 
 From: . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 03, 2020 09:59 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: 
 (NY) (FBI) < (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 (FBI) < 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) 
 Can we do Thursday morning? My network should be back by then and I can give you a good accounting. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Mar 2, 2020 11:15 AM, ' 
 Doing the weekly check in on this — is there a time this week when everyone can meet on this? 
 thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 17:38 
 To: (NY) (FBI) (USANYS) 
 I (NY) (FBI) <—>; (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 < >*, 
 (FBI) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 wrote: 
 (NY) 
 Totally understand about the network issues—we can relate. I do still think it will be helpful to all sit down together to 
 have an in-person discussion, to make sure everybody is on the same page. Are folks available for that next week? And 
 what I think would be most helpful to facilitate that would be a spreadsheet of each separate device referenced in the 
 two search warrant returns, with columns for whether we've dumped the contents, whether they've been reviewed 
 and/or transferred, what portions were transferred, etc. 
 Something roughly like the attached, with any other categories you think would be useful — and the info on the attached 
 is mostly hypothetical, obviously, just as examples. That will help us fully understand what's been reviewed, transferred, 
 and received so far, and what remains. 
 (Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — I think 
 FBI was going to do an initial screen to make sure no CP, and since I think the answer was no, we'll need to get those to 
 be able to review them as well.) 
 many thanks, 
 EFTA00032119
From: . (NY) (FBI) <1], 
 Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 09:24 
 To: (USANYS)) 
 (NY) (FBI) 
 c >; 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; 
 (NY) 
 (USANYS) 
 (FBI) <a' 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 < 
 Sony for the delayed response. They are tearing out our old network and giving us a new one, they mandated 
 we delete old stuff (about 400 TB worth). Now that they are working on replacing the network, we can do only 
 local work. I should be able to give you an accounting of what is what. I can say, off the top of my head, that all 
 windows based items from the NY search have been handed over as well as all loose media. The CDs from NY 
 only contained pictures, no documents. There are still some Apple items from NY that need to be produced. As 
 far as the Island stuff goes, the 1st item on your spreadsheet, the "kitchen" mac has been produced. Still 
 working on the rest. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 cell 
 desk 
 On Feb 23, 2020 12:21 AM, " 
 Team, 
 )" 
 wrote: 
 Following up on the below from last weekend, I'm still not sure how we're addressing this so I thought it would make 
 sense for us to all schedule a (hopefully relatively brief) meeting to all get on the same page? We didn't hear back on 
 which files had previously been provided, but our tech folks did their best to differentiate, and we got access to the 
 materials yesterday and its well over a million documents, and we don't have any idea what we're looking at — i.e., 
 which devices the materials came from, whether it's full or partial results, how many more devices we have coming, etc. 
 Based on the attached search warrant returns, it looks like from the New York mansion (the PDF) there are 
 approximately 40 devices that would have storage (computers, hard drives, thumb drives, etc.) and that's not even 
 counting at least 60+ CDs. And then from the Virgin Islands (the Excel spreadsheet), at least more than 25 devices, 
 including multiple servers / server racks. 
 So we gotta know what we've already received, what remains, anticipated schedule, etc, and I know it's a lot of moving 
 pieces on all sides so wanted to loop in everybody at once. The case team will be in California this coming week from 
 Tuesday through Friday, but then I think generally around the first week of March, which will hopefully be plenty of time 
 to schedule a productive meeting. 
 thanks all, 
 Mi• 
 From: 
 Sent: Saturday, February 15, 2020 16:30 
 To: (NY) (FBI) c:•; 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor]
 (NY) (FBI) a> 
 'c ›; 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 EFTA00032120
WILLIAM JULIE 
 AVOCAT A LA COUR - ATTORNEY AT LAW 
 Criminal Procedure use the present tense ("a person who is a national of the Requested 
 State"/"the person claimed has French nationality"), which can only mean that the 
 extradition of a person is denied when that person is in fact a French national. If the 
 person is no longer a French national at the time of the request, the provision does not 
 apply. 
 12. I-lad these provisions been intended to apply in cases where the person has lost French 
 nationality subsequent to the commission of the alleged crime, the texts would have 
 expressly stated so or would at least have used both the present and the past tense to 
 qualify the national affiliation of the requested person. 
 13. Furthermore, it is a well-known principle of legal interpretation across all jurisdictions 
 that exceptions to rules must be construed strictly. The nationality ban being an 
 exception to extradition, it must be interpreted in a restrictive manner and its application 
 to a person who is no longer a French national must be rejected. 
 14. Second, the Ministry's interpretation goes against the spirit of the law 
 15. The literal reading of Article 3 of the Treaty and Article 696-4 of the French Code of 
 Criminal Procedure is further supported by the fact that these provisions were in fact 
 not intended to apply in cases where the person sought has lost French citizenship, but 
 only in cases where that person has acquired French citizenship subsequent to the 
 commission of the alleged crime. 
 16. In other words, the rule that "nationality shall be assessed at the time of the offence for 
 which extradition is requested" seeks to deny the extension of the benefit of French 
 nationality to persons who have acquired French nationality after committing an 
 offence, in order to avoid fraudulent nationality applications of offenders seeking to 
 escape extradition. 
 3 
 51. RUE AMPERE - 75017 PARIS • TEL. 01 88 33 SI 80 — FAX. 01 88 33 SI 81 
 wj(Swjavocats.com - www.wjavocatccom - PALAU) C1852 
 EFTA00031932
ss 
 I'm not sure who's the exact right person to ask this, so wanted to get everybody on one email chain about it — I have 
 the hard drive that dropped off that has new Epstein search warrant materials, but it looks like there are also old 
 materials (that I think we had previously received and uploaded??) on the hard drive, and so I'm not sure what's new. 
 Just generally, and and I talked about this last week too, but it's basically impossible for us to keep track of what 
 we're getting, and what has been completed, without some kind of identification or labeling system, along with a list of 
 which devices have been extracted and downloaded. 
 So for example on the hard drive currently, there are 38 folders labeled "loadFiles" through "37loadFiles" with a 
 modified date of 11/14/19, which I think we may have already previously received — but I'm not sure, because we 
 haven't gotten any info on which folders match up to which devices, etc. And then there's another folder titled 
 "NYC024362" that has a modified date of 1/27/20, so I think that may be the materials we hadn't previously received? 
 That folder by itself has more than 600,000 items. 
 I don't want to give anything that we've already previously received and uploaded, and I can't tell from the folder 
 or file names whether everything on the drive is new, or whether just additional materials were saved onto it in addition 
 to what we already have. =, are you able to give us some guidance on this? Ultimately what we really need is a 
 spreadsheet of every device, whether it's been dumped (or partially dumped), and then identifying that same info —
 which device, and what materials from it — are being given to us with each data transfer. Otherwise I think 
 organizationally and for review purposes it will be a total disaster for us. 
 We're happy to have a meeting on this if that's helpful — and thanks everybody for the assistance. 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032121
From: '
 y 
 To: 'InANYHaalliir 
 Subject: RE: 
 Date: Fri, 17 Jul 2020 21:00:06 +0000 
 Embedded: RE:_Epstein_investigation, prosecution_memo.msg 
 Sure - attached. 
 From: (USANYS)<> 
 Sent: Friday, July 17, 2020 16:59 
 To: 
 Subject: 
 )4S 
 >; 
 Would you guys mind resending me the Memo and Susan's submission that we passed up in April? I'm having 
 difficulty finding it in my inbox for some reason. Thanks 
 EFTA00032122
From: Bruce Barket <bbarket@barketepstein.com> 
 To:
 Cc: Aida Leisenring <aleisenring®barketepstein.com> 
 Subject: RE: Quarantine 
 Date: The, 01 Sep 2020 20:52:21 +0000 
 I just learned that he was being ordered onto another tier, where he does not believe he is safe. Worse, he was told that if 
 does not enter the tier where he believes he is in danger he will be sent to SHU. This is deeply troubling. MCC has kept 
 Mr. Tartaglione in quarantine for more than twice as long as he was supposed to be there and is now giving him the 
 Hobson's choice of SHU or risking his safety. And, his most of his property is still in the old cell where you assured us he 
 would be returned. 
 I am again asking that he be placed on a safe tier, in a safe cell with a cellmate who does not pose a threat to him, 
 preferably the cell where he has been detained for well over a year. 
 Bruce A. Barket, Esq. 
 Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea & LoTurco, LLP 
 666 Old Country Road , Ste. 700 
 Garden City, NY 11530 
 (516) 745 1500 [P] (516) 745 1245 [F] 
 www.barketepstein.com 
 This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear 
 that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, 
 distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, 
 please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
 From 
 Sent: Tuesday, September 1, 20201:35 PM 
 To: Bruce Barket <bbarket@barketepstein.com>; 
 Cc: Aida Leisenring <aleisenring@barketepstein.com> 
 Subject: Re: Quarantine 
 Good afternoon-
 It is my understanding that he is not in quarantine. 
 >>> Bruce Barket <bbarket@barketepstein.com> 9/1/2020 7:25 AM >>> 
 Good morning, 
 I understand that Mr. Tartaglione is still in quarantine although he was cleared to return to general population. As I wrote 
 over the weekend, apparently the MCC refused to place Mr. Tartaglione back in his cell where he has been safe or in a unit 
 of people over few years old. He is a retired police officer. As such he has been and is targeted for violence by other 
 inmates. Prior to being housed with his current cellmate, Mr. Tartaglione was assaulted resulting in surgery and an 
 extended stay in a hospital. For coming up on two years he has lived in a cell with a cellmate and has been relatively safe. 
 He was removed—supposedly for 14 days—over a month ago from that cell and is now being forced to either stay in 
 EFTA00032123
quarantine or be placed in a cell with a new cellmate where he may not be safe. We understood from you that he would 
 be returned to the cell where he has lived in relative safety after quarantine. 
 Can you please take the steps necessary to make sure Mr. Tartaglione is released from quarantine and placed in a cell that 
 is safe? Thank you. 
 Bruce A. Barket, Esq. 
 Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea & LoTurco, LLP 
 666 Old Country Road , Ste. 700 
 Garden City, NY 11530 
 (516) 745 1500 [P] (516) 745 1245 [F] 
 www.barketepstein.com 
 This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear 
 that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, 
 distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, 
 please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
 EFTA00032124
From: '  )" 
 T o: 'I" 
 Subject: RE: RE: USAA keep account open 
 Date: Thu, 03 Sep 2020 19:09:37 +0000 
 Left him a vm telling him he no longer needs to keep these open. 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, August 31, 2020 4:58 PM 
 To: 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: USAA keep account open 
 Got the attached voicemail this afternoon — info below 
 USAA 
 Ed Wasson 
 re: Ghislaine Maxwell -- keep account open letter, which has expired; wondering if we want to re-up 
 >; 
 EFTA00032125
From: 
 To: Christian Everdel "Mark S. Cohen" 
 'Laura Menninger' "'Jeff 
 Pagliuca"' 
 Cc: 
 Subject: 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - proposed redactions 
 Date: Fri, 04 Sep 2020 19:57:46 +0000 
 Attachments: 2020.08.24 JSP_Reply_Ltrje._Modification_of the_Protective_Order_(PROPOSED_RE 
 DACTIONS).pdf; 
 2020.08.24 JSP_Ltr._Submitting_Proposed_Redactions_Under SeaUPROPOSED_REDA 
 CTIONS).pdf 
 Counsel, 
 Per Judge Nathan's September 2, 2020 Order, the parties' proposed redactions to the defense letters dated August 24, 
 2020 are due to the Court today. Attached please find the Government's proposed redactions. Please let us know if these 
 are acceptable to you. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032126
From:  
 To: ' 
 Subject: RE: GM appeal 
 Date: Mon, 14 Sep 2020 04:06:20 +0000 
 Attachments: Government MTD_GM_Interlocutory_Appeal_v3.docx 
 Complete draft attached and saved on the share. Once you have a draft of the letter, want to swap and do a final read of 
 each other's drafts before sending to 
 From: 
 Sent: Sunday, September 13, 2020 5:45 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: Re: GM appeal 
 Updated copy is the appeals folder— it's not great, so let me know your thoughts and how else I can help with this. I'm 
 around all evening and have also carved out time tomorrow to make sure we are covered on this. Do you want me to draft 
 the (short) amicus letter? 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Sep 13, 2020, at 11:28 AM, wrote: 
 No problem—I've gone ahead and started on the MTD. Will work on it for the next hour or so, then send to you to pick 
 up. 
 From: 
 Sent: Sunday, September 13, 2020 11:26 AM 
 To: 
 Subject: Re: GM appeal 
 Hi! I ended up just blocking off today to do this IM is gone for the day), so I haven't gotten anywhere yet (sorry about 
 that) but am hopeful to knock this out today. Do you want to split topics, as we discussed, and merge later? Happy to do 
 this any way that works. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Sep 13, 2020, at 10:36 AM, > wrote: 
 Hey —have you started a draft of either document? I'm diving in now, so happy to pickup wherever you left off, or get 
 them started if you haven't had the chance. 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 I St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032127
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: Fwd: State Attorney's Office - New Document Available - Case No 2020PR000426AMB 
 Date: Mon, 14 Sep 2020 19:44:11 +0000 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: 
 Date: September 14, 2020 at 3:41:21 PM EDT 
 To: 
 Subject: State Attorney's Office - New Document Available - Case No 2020PRO00426ANIB 
 Reply -To: 
 There is a new file available. 
 Case Number 2020PR000426AMB 
 Defendant Name JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
 Please click here to download the file. 
 When setting up initial account, please be sure to check your spam/junk email folder for the notification email. 
 Sent By 
 EFTA00032128
From: 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 CRM)" 
 ANYS 
 Subject: Revised MLA request: Material Witness PA 
 Date: Mon, 30 Mar 2020 21:11:32 +0000 
 Attachments: Material_Witness_PA_3.30_DRAFT_UK_MLAT_request.docx 
 Here are some proposed revisions. Please take a look and let me know what you think. I think 
 we can get by without the complete set of direct exam questions for now. 
 Best, 
 U.S. Department ofJustice Attaché 
 United States Embassy - London 
 (primary email address) 
 secondary) 
 EFTA00032129
From: ' 
 To: ' )" < 
 Subject: RE: question re: flight records 
 Date: Tue, 31 Mar 2020 17:46:39 +0000 
 ) II 
 Got it — thanks. 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, March 30, 2020 12:52 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: question re: flight records 
 < 
 Yep, the August flights are what I was referring to. =I recalled the NM trip was sometime after returned from 
 the Africa trip with Epstein and President Clinton. I don't have the records in front of me, but I believe those August 
 flights are after the Pres. Clinton flights. 
 From: 
 Sent: Sunday, March 29, 2020 1:44 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: question re: flight records 
 Hey, just a quick question about this in the CC update memo — "flight records do reflect at least one trip that 
 took with Epstein to New Mexico during the general time period in 2002 when recalls the assault 
 occurring" 
 Looking at the records from July 2002 through the end of the year, and looking for either ABQ (Albuquerque) or SAF 
 (Santa Fe), I only see the following: 
 - July 17, SAF to TEB (include= 
 - August 5, TEB to SAF (includes. and August 17, SAF to TEB (includesM 
 says she met Epstein in 2002, so is one (or both) of those trips what we're referring to? I don't see any other records 
 of flights to New Mexico in the second half of 2002 at all, and doesn't show up by name on the jet until December .. 
 . and then I don't see her again until April 2003 (which is consistent with her being in Spain for the beginning of 2003). 
 Just wanted to check — extremely possible I'm not seeing something! Or just that the July / Aug. flights are what we're 
 referencing. Thanks! 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032130
WILLIAM JULIE 
 AVOCAT A LA COUR - ATTORNEY AT LAW 
 17. This concern over opportunistic nationality applications is precisely the justification of 
 the rule mentioned in academic literature (see for example Repertoire de droll penal et 
 de procedure penale Extradition Pa. - Conditions de fond de l'estradition 
 Delphine Brach-Thiel-October 2t I 8„f59). 
 18. Third, the French Ministry of Justice's interpretation is contradicted by precedents 
 and case law 
 19. The French Ministry of Justice's interpretation finds no support in case law, as no case 
 can be found where Article 696-4 of the French Code of Criminal Procedure was applied 
 to protect a formerly French national from extradition. 
 20. Instead, precedents exist in which Article 696-4,1° of the French Code of Criminal 
 Procedure was relied on by French authorities to execute an extradition request against 
 an individual who had acquired French nationality after committing an offence, which 
 is the natural use of this provision (for example, a ruling issued by the Criminal Chamber 
 of the French Cow de caseation on 4 January 2006, n°05-86.258). 
 21. Although we have found no precedent where French authorities were faced with the 
 extradition of a person who had lost French nationality, we have found cases where 
 French authorities were faced with the deportation of a person who had lost French 
 nationality. Both extradition and deportation allow for the removal of a person from 
 French territory by the police and its surrender to the authorities of a third State, with 
 the consent and cooperation of the authorities of that State. 
 22. The European Court of Human Rights (the "ECtHR") treats extradition and deportation 
 analogously. More specifically, the ECtHR considers that the same human rights bars 
 apply to all types of removal of a person from the territory of a State party ("the Court 
 considers that the question whether there is a real risk of treatment contrary to Article 
 3 in another State cannot depend on the legal basis for removal to that State. The 
 Court's own case-law has shown that, in practice, there may be little difference between 
 4 
 51, RUE AMPERE - 78017 PARIS - TEL. 01 88 33 51 80 —FAX. 01 /38 33 51 81 
 wj@wjavotsta.coon - www.wjancankcom - PALAIS C 1852 
 EFTA00031933
From: JeffJocks <jjocksgsondeeracine.eom> 
 To: " )" 
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Date: Wed, 08 Apr 2020 17:20:25 +0000 
 Did we ever respond to you on this question? Things have gotten so complicated that I can't remember or determine. 
 Hope you are staying safe and healthy. 
 Thanks, 
 Jeff 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocksPsondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are 
 not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: " 
 Date: Sunday, March 8, 2020 at 3:04 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>, "Donnini, George B." <clonnini@butzel.com> 
 Cc: ' 
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Jeff and George, 
 Thank you both very much for your assistance in response to our subpoenas seeking records from Interlochen. In 
 reviewing the documents you produced in response to the attached subpoena, a follow-up question arose. Would you 
 please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) made for 
 any students at Interlochen? 
 Our team is also happy to discuss this inquiry over the phone if that would be useful. I am starting a trial tomorrow and 
 will have limited availability this week, but my colleagues and (both cc'd) should be able to 
 coordinate with you as needed. 
 Best, 
 EFTA00032131
Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 212-637-2324 
 From: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com> 
 Sent: Thursday, February 6, 2020 2:46 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 'c= > 
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Maurene — 
 Receipt confirmed. 
 Thanks, 
 Jeff 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocksPsondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are 
 not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: " 
 Date: Thursday, February 6, 2020 at 1:51 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks gocks@sondeeracine.com>
 Cc: ' 
 Subject: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Jeff, 
 As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein and 
 Ghislaine Maxwell. Per our conversation, we understand that Interlochen will keep this request confidential. 
 Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
 Best, 
 Maurene 
 EFTA00032132
Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 212-637-2324 
 EFTA00032133
From: "Ma' 
 To: "Moore, Amanda G. (NY) (FBI)" la 
 Subject: Fwd: More #12 
 Date: Mon, 25 May 2020 17:33:47 +0000 
 Inline-Images: IMG_I295.JPG 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: STACEY RICHMAN 
 Date: .14a 25, 2020 at 1:10:21 PM r 
 To: " 
 Subject: Fw: More #12 
 STACEY RICHMAN 
 Law Offices of 
 Richman Hill & Associates PLLC 
 ***Confidentiality Notice*** 
 This email and any accompanying documents contains information that is intended only for the use of the 
 individual or entity to whom it is addressed and may contain information that is legally privileged, confidential 
 or otherwise exempt from disclosure under applicable laws. If the reader of this message is not the recipient, 
 any disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying, or other use or retention of this communication or its 
 substance is prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please delete it and notify the sender by return 
 email. Thank you. 
 From: Mark L. Epstein <i=> 
 Sent: Sunday, May 24, 2020 6:49 PM 
 To: STACEY RICHMAN
 Subject: More 
 EFTA00032134
Sent via tin can and string. 
 qt, 05/24 01:39 pm
 You have a good 
 family. Do they 
 know if you had 
 sex with 
 children? You 
 will die 
 rat.in uxd d 
 EFTA00032135
From: "a 
 To:'
 Cc: es.
 Subject: Travel 
 Date: Wed, 28 Aug 2019 13:03:08 +0000 
 and I are traveling to West Palm Beach next week for the Epstein case. Could you please help book our 
 travel? Here is my information— can let you know whether she would like the same arrangements. 
 Thanks so much for your help. 
 Hotel: Hilton Palm Beach, 600 Okeechobee Blvd, West Palm Beach. Checking in on 9/3 and checking out 9/4. 
 Conference Room: please book a conference room at the Hilton for both Tuesday and Wednesday. If they have a 
 room called "the social" available, that would be great. 
 Flights: 
 Outbound, leaving at 920 am on 9/3 from EWR to PBI 
 Inbound, leaving at 6:12 pm on 9/4 from PBI to JFK 
 Thanks! 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 EFTA00032136
From: 
 To: [Contractor]" 
 Subject: Automatic reply: 3500 Production 
 Date: Mon, 26 Aug 2019 22:47:09 +0000 
 I am currently on trial before the Honorable Ronnie Abrams. I will be checking email at the end of each trial da . If ou need immediate 
 assistance in connection with United States v. E stein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), please contact AUSA a For all other matters, 
 please contact AUSA a Thank you. 
 EFTA00032137
From: "Wein arten, Reid" 
 To: ' 
 Subject: . 
 Date: Tue, 27 Aug 2019 19:26:26 +0000 
 Thinking about what you said as we were leaving...want to make sure we are on the same page...I asked a lot of 
 questions 
 Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, August 26, 2019 11:33 PM 
 To: Martin Weinberg 
 Cc: Miller, Michael;
 Subject: RE: Epstein 
 Weingarten, Reid 
 Understood —thank you for getting back to me. I'll be u late toni ht so I'd be grateful if you would please give me a call 
 when you wrap up tonight. I'll be on my cell, which is id would appreciate the call. 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 I St. Andrew's Plaza 
 ■ 
 From: Martin Weinberg 
 S i ae lp mir
 To: 
 Cc: Miller, Michael 
 Weingarten, Reid 
 u ject: e: pstem 
 We are still in discussion about tomorrow 
 Issues of deep concern to reid, mike myself include MCC conditions and why our client died 
 Go home! 
 Marty 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Aug 26, 2019, at 9:56 PM, 
 All, I am at my desk if you have a moment to discuss the upcoming conference-
 wrote: 
 EFTA00032138
Thank you, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New Vnrle NV I nnn7 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, August 26, 2019 5:31 PM 
 To: Miller, Michael 
 Cc 
 Subject: RE: Epstein 
 Thanks very much, Mike. 
 n, Reid 
 We are going to be tied up tomorrow morning up until the conference, so it would be difficult for us to meet you. 
 Would you be able to bring the drive into the courthouse with you, so that we can get it from you in the courtroom? If 
 not, would you by any chance be able to put the drive in an envelope marked with my name on it and leave it with 
 security at 1 St. Andrews? 
 Also, we are still hoping to hear from you about what your team expects to say tomorrow and your position regarding 
 the subpoena we discussed. I'm available for a call any time this evening to discuss. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: Miller, Michael 
 Sent: Monda Au ust 26 2019 3:03 PM 
 To 
 Cc 
 Subject: Epstein 
 EFTA00032139
UMW
 I will get down to court a few minutes early tomorrow and can hand deliver the hard 
 us with the first round of production if someone can arrange to meet me outside of the 
 courthouse. Let me know if that works. More broadly, I believe that the Epstein defense team will be in 
 compliance with the protective order by the time we start in court tomorrow and, if not, it will only be a matter 
 of a stray clean up point or two. I'll give you more details in the morning. Mike 
 Michael C. Miller 
 Partner 
 www.steptoe.com/mmiller 
 Steptoe 
 Steptoe & Johnson LLP 
 1114 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10036 
 www.steptoe.com 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the law firm Steptoe & Johnson LLP that may be confidential and/or privileged. If 
 you are not the intended recipient. please do not read, copy, distribute. or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please 
 notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. 
 EFTA00032140
WILLIAM JULIE 
 AVOCAT A LA COUR - ATTORNEY AT LAW 
 extradition and other removals", ECtHR 12 April 2012, Babar Ahmad and Others v. 
 the United Kingdom, no. 24027/07, §168). 
 23. France has no difficulty with deporting individuals who have lost French nationality by 
 application of Article 25 of the Civil Code, which enumerates the list of crimes that may 
 give rise to a deprivation of citizenship. For example, a dual French-Algerian citizen 
 named Djamel Beghal was recently deported to Algeria after he was convicted of 
 terrorist offences and subsequently deprived of his French nationality'. 
 24. While in custody in France, Djamel Beghal was also convicted in absentia to a term of 
 prison in Algeria, but his extradition initially seemed impossible, not because he used 
 to be a French citizen, but because the case law of the ECtIIR specifically prohibits 
 State parties from deporting persons deprived of their nationality to the State of which 
 they remain a national, when there is a risk of torture or degrading treatment'. Beghal 
 was eventually deported to Algeria where he was arrested upon landing for the purpose 
 of standing trial. In this case, the French government's decision to deprive Djamel 
 Beghal of his French nationality was clearly intended to allow for his removal from 
 France, whether through extradition or deportation, as both means of removal were 
 conceivable at the time. Had there not been a risk of violation of the ECHR at the time 
 of the Algerian extradition request, he may well have been extradited as opposed to 
 deported a few years later, when that risk was eliminated. 
 25. In any case, the deportation of formerly French citizens shows that the loss of French 
 nationality prevents any retroactive application of domestic provisions which are 
 intended to protect French nationals, be it from deportation or extradition. 
 2 https://vnvw.lemonde.fr/societe/anicle/2018/07/16/incertitude-sur-le-sort-de-l-islamiste-cljamel-beghal-qui-sort-
 de-prison•lundi_5332053_3224.html 
 ECtHR 3 December 2009. Daoudi v. France, application no. 19576/08. 
 or 4 sept. 2014, Trabelst c. Belgique, req. n° 140/10, 17 janv. 2012, Odrman c. Royaume-Uni, req. n° 8139/09. For 
 more details. hitp.//www.revuedlicorn/cedhkloignemcnedesen-angcrs4crroristes-et-article-3-&-la-convention-
 europecnne-des-droits-de-lhornme/ 
 5 
 SI. Rue AMPERE • 75017 PARIS 
 • 
 TEL. 01 88 33 51 80- FAX. 01 88 33 SI 81 
 wRiPwjavocats.corn - Nrww.vbjavocals.com 
 • 
 PALAIS C1652 
 EFTA00031934
From: ' 1
 To: 1 
 Subject: FW: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Date: Tue, 31 Mar 2020 17:02:32 +0000 
 Embedded: Epstein_terms jor_privilege_review.insg 
 Just FYI 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 31, 2020 13:02 
 To: (NY) (FBI)' <spwatson@fbi.gov> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Hey =, 
 So far so good here, thanks — just trying to deal with the tech issues of working from home (not to mention the inability to 
 interview witnesses!) but really can't complain at all, the girlfriend and I are both healthy and distancing. Hope that's true 
 for you and yours too. 
 In terms of the issues below, unfortunately there isn't any progress — it's not a delay on our end, we've run the taint 
 screen and so the AUSAs and agents all have access on Relativity to the materials that sent over in December. We 
 also sent the privilege taint terms to the agents a couple weeks ago so they could run the screen on whatever programs 
 they may be using — that's attached. We hadn't realized that they were impeded on their review due to any taint issue, 
 we just thought they were using Relativity, same as us. 
 More generally though, the issue we continue to have is the same one since February. We have absolutely no sense of 
 what sent to us — it's not organized or identified by device or even by location, the documents aren't joined with 
 their attachments (their "families" in the terms of doc review), we can't look at native files, etc. It's all the issues from my 
 March 9 email, below, which never responded to. And it's only 1.4 million documents out of what are presumably 
 tens of millions total — we haven't gotten any version of the rest (and don't know exactly what we're missing, because 
 again, we have no way to track what we've been given so far). 
 If (and/or others at CART) are teleworking, it would be great to get help on this, because obviously weeks are going 
 by that we could be using to review. I had been trying to push my chiefs for a meeting in early March but then obviously 
 the world imploded! So not sure what can be done currently, but happy to discuss with anybody that would be useful. 
 thanks as always, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <spwatson@fbi.gov>
 Sent: Monday, March 30, 2020 13:23 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 hope you are doing well and more importantly feeling well! Just checking and on the status of everything, is that 
 issue with the taint review is still on going? I'm assuming you're doing a fair amount of tele working 
 SSA 
 EFTA00032141
FBI New York 
 On Mar 11, 2020 2:05 PM, ' (NY) (FBI)" <spwatson@fbi.gov> wrote: 
 Let's get together and hash it out, let me know what works for you this week and next and I'll get Flatley and my team 
 there as well. 
 From: ) (mailto 
 Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 12:03 PM 
 To: (NY) (FBI) <spwatson@fbi.gov>
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 = totally happy to chat, and it's exactly the same issues as we talked about on the phone a couple weeks ago when 
 we first raised this -- I wonder if it makes sense to get in a room together? Otherwise it's a lot of games of telephone. 
 But basically the way to think about it is, imagine if we had seized papers from approximately 100,000 filings cabinets in 
 a dozen different office buildings. And then instead of keeping them organized or labeled by room, or even by office 
 building, all 1.3 million documents (so far) just got dumped into one big pile — except before that, any documents that 
 had multiple parts stapled together got separated. And then if any of those documents that was larger than about 100 
 pages couldn't be opened. That's what we've got, just electronically. 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <spwatson@fbi.gov>
 Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 202011:15 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 ca) 
 I was out yesterday, let's touch base so we can get this resolved. I'm confused as to what is going on here, sounds like 
 there are issues that you haven't been able to resolve by going direct with Flatley. 
 Thanks, 
 From: [mailto 
 Sent: Monday, March 09, 2020 12:00 PM 
 To: . (NY) (FBI) <->; 
 (NY) (FBI) <spwatson@fbi.gov>, (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <Christopher.Rozier@usdoj.gov>•
 (USANYS) 
 <S) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) (FBI) <M> 
 Unfortunately I don't think this is very helpful to us. Did you take a look at the example spreadsheet I sent on 2/24? 
 The excel file you sent has descriptions that don't match up to the items listed in the search warrant returns (that we 
 sent on 2/23), and we don't have the 1B or CART numbers to be able to cross-reference. We also can't tell what you 
 mean by "loose media" without a specific comparison to what was seized, we don't know which items you're referring 
 to as "Windows machines," and we can't tell whether the entirety of any particular item has been transferred, or just 
 partial. For example, it looks like we have gotten very, very few image files, which is surprising. 
 We have also encountered some very significant problems in trying to review the more than 1 million documents we 
 recently received: 
 EFTA00032142
The data we've received has no way to put any emails and attachments together. So if an email says, "see the 
 attached flight records," for example, we have no way of linking that up with the records themselves. Not only 
 is that a big problem for us in review, it's going to be a huge problem for producing the documents to defense 
 counsel. 
 The load file has no link to the native file, so when we load the data to the database, there's no way to have 
 the native files show up in the database. Because many of the files are too large to open in the viewer, it 
 effectively means that there are many files that are completely invisible to us. 
 Related, the control numbers in the load file don't match up to the native files. So we have two sets of 
 numbers and no way to match up anything—that is, even if we were to try to go hunt down every individual 
 large file in the native files, it would be impossible. 
 So the data that we most recently got, we need to get in a form that addresses those issues, and we likely will need to 
 get a similar reproduction of the data we received a couple months ago. Otherwise we're sifting through more than a 
 million documents without much rhyme or reason. 
 I've re-attached the spreadsheet we sent last week — I think that's a good place to start in terms of our necessary 
 record -keeping, and we need that info at the very least, as well as anything else you think would be useful. Also 
 attaching the SW returns for reference. And again, we're happy to meet up anytime and hash all this out in person if 
 that's useful. 
 thanks, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Wednesday, March 04, 2020 16:36 
 To: 
 (NY) (FBI) <spwatson@fbi.gov>• (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <CRozier@usa.doj.gov>;
 (FBI) ca°
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (USANYS) 
 >; 
 (NY) 
 Here is a listing of what I have already handed over in load files to the US Attorney's Office for taint review. Some points 
 of clarification: There were 9 IDE hard drives found in the Manhattan apartment, they turned out to be 3 copies of 3 
 drives (9 drives in total) from a July 2007 search on one of his properties. I only processed 3 (as they were all copies). All 
 the loose media from the NY apartment is included. All the Windows machines from the NY apartment are included. 
 Only 2 Macs from NY and 1 from the Island are included. 
 I will have to more closely coordinate with whoever is loading up Relativity with the remaining Macs as the 
 tool they have to be processed with does not easily re-name the load files. 
 Spreadsheet is attached. 
 NYO CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 From: 1 [mailto: 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 03, 2020 12:25 PM 
 1 
 EFTA00032143
To: • (NY) (FBI) ce 
 (NY) (FBI) <spwatson@fbi.gov>; (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <Christopher.Rozier@usdoj.gov>•
 ; 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 (NY) (FBI) 'c=w 
 ) 
 I could do Thursday morning, but I think it would be helpful for us to get the accounting in advance of the meeting so 
 we can figure out in advance what (if any) additional steps we need — is that possible? 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <M,. 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 03, 2020 09:59 
 To: (USANYS) 
 (NY) (FBI) <spwatson@fbi.gov>• (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <CRozier@usa.doj,gov>; 
 )< =w; 
 a>; 
 (NY) 
 (FBI) < 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Can we do Thursday morning? My network should be back by then and I can give you a good accounting. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 On Mar 2, 2020 11:15 AM,'
 Doing the weekly check in on this — is there a time this week when everyone can meet on this? 
 < =1. 
 wrote: 
 thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 17:38 
 To: • (NY) (FBI) ce 
 I (NY) (FBI) <spwatson@fbi.gov>; (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <CRozier@usa.doj.gov>; 
 ) 
 (NY) 
 (USANYS) 
 (FBI) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 Totally understand about the network issues—we can relate. I do still think it will be helpful to all sit down together to 
 have an in-person discussion, to make sure everybody is on the same page. Are folks available for that next week? And 
 what I think would be most helpful to facilitate that would be a spreadsheet of each separate device referenced in the 
 two search warrant returns, with columns for whether we've dumped the contents, whether they've been reviewed 
 and/or transferred, what portions were transferred, etc. 
 Something roughly like the attached, with any other categories you think would be useful — and the info on the 
 attached is mostly hypothetical, obviously, just as examples. That will help us fully understand what's been reviewed, 
 transferred, and received so far, and what remains. 
 EFTA00032144
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — I think 
 FBI was going to do an initial screen to make sure no CP, and since I think the answer was no, we'll need to get those to 
 be able to review them as well.) 
 many thanks, 
 From: (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 09:24 
 To: (USANYS) 
 (NY) (FBI) <spwatson@fbi.gov>•
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <CRozier@usa.d 
 • 
 (USANYS) 
 (FBI) c> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 )< M>: 
 (NY) 
 Sorry for the delayed response. They are tearing out our old network and giving us a new one, they mandated 
 we delete old stuff (about 400 TB worth). Now that they are working on replacing the network, we can do only 
 local work. I should be able to give you an accounting of what is what. I can say, off the top of my head, that 
 all windows based items from the NY search have been handed over as well as all loose media. The CDs from 
 NY only contained pictures, no documents. There are still some Apple items from NY that need to be 
 produced. As far as the Island stuff goes, the 1st item on your spreadsheet, the "kitchen" mac has been 
 produced. Still working on the rest. 
 NY CART Coordinator 
 Senior Forensic Examiner 
 On Feb 23, 2020 12:21 AM,' 
 Team, 
 < 
 wrote: 
 Following up on the below from last weekend, I'm still not sure how we're addressing this so I thought it would make 
 sense for us to all schedule a (hopefully relatively brief) meeting to all get on the same page? We didn't hear back on 
 which files had previously been provided, but our tech folks did their best to differentiate, and we got access to the 
 materials yesterday and its well over a million documents, and we don't have any idea what we're looking at — i.e., 
 which devices the materials came from, whether it's full or partial results, how many more devices we have coming, 
 etc. 
 Based on the attached search warrant returns, it looks like from the New York mansion (the PDF) there are 
 approximately 40 devices that would have storage (computers, hard drives, thumb drives, etc.) and that's not even 
 counting at least 60+ CDs. And then from the Virgin Islands (the Excel spreadsheet), at least more than 25 devices, 
 including multiple servers / server racks. 
 So we gotta know what we've already received, what remains, anticipated schedule, etc, and I know it's a lot of moving 
 pieces on all sides so wanted to loop in everybody at once. The case team will be in California this coming week from 
 Tuesday through Friday, but then I think generally around the first week of March, which will hopefully be plenty of 
 time to schedule a productive meeting. 
 thanks all, 
 oj.gov>; 
 EFTA00032145
From: 
 Sent: Saturday, February 15, 2020 16:30 
 To: . (NY) (FBI) <—>, 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <CRozier@usa.dobgov>;
 Subject: RE: Epstein search warrant documents 
 . (NY) (FBI) < 
 I'm not sure who's the exact right person to ask this, so wanted to get everybody on one email chain about it — I have 
 the hard drive that Mandy dropped off that has new Epstein search warrant materials, but it looks like there are also 
 old materials (that I think we had previously received and uploaded??) on the hard drive, and so I'm not sure what's 
 new. 
 Just generally, and and I talked about this last week too, but it's basically impossible for us to keep track of what 
 we're getting, and what has been completed, without some kind of identification or labeling system, along with a list of 
 which devices have been extracted and downloaded. 
 So for example on the hard drive currently, there are 38 folders labeled "loadFiles" through "37loadFiles" with a 
 modified date of 11/14/19, which I think we may have already previously received — but I'm not sure, because we 
 haven't gotten any info on which folders match up to which devices, etc. And then there's another folder titled 
 "NYC024362" that has a modified date of 1/27/20, so I think that may be the materials we hadn't previously received? 
 That folder by itself has more than 600,000 items. 
 I don't want to give anything that we've already previously received and uploaded, and I can't tell from the folder 
 or file names whether everything on the drive is new, or whether just additional materials were saved onto it in 
 addition to what we already have. =, are you able to give us some guidance on this? Ultimately what we really 
 need is a spreadsheet of every device, whether it's been dumped (or partially dumped), and then identifying that same 
 info — which device, and what materials from it — are being given to us with each data transfer. Otherwise I think 
 organizationally and for review purposes it will be a total disaster for us. 
 We're happy to have a meeting on this if that's helpful — and thanks everybody for the assistance. 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 212.637.2415 
 EFTA00032146
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: Notes 
 Date: Thu, 29 Aug 2019 16:40:47 +0000 
 Attachments: Dr.M.zip 
 Attached are my notes, and all the references provided during the interview wia this morning. 
 FBI - New York Cit 
 EFTA00032147
Page 1 of 1 
 - Suicide Watch/Psych Observation Update 
 From: 
 To: Suicide Watch/Psych Observation Update 
 Date: 7/30/2019 12:30 PM 
 Subject: Suicide Watch/Psych Observation Update 
 Inmate Epstein #76318-054 is being taken off of Psych Observation and needs to be housed with an 
 appropriate cellmate. 
 Suicide Watch 
 None 
 Psych Observation 
 None 
 Thank you, 
 filc:///eillIsers/bop18967/AppData/Local/Temp/1/XPgrpwise/5D403854N YM13OMIN Y... 8/13/2019 
 EFTA00032148
Page 1 of 3 
 Recipients: 71 Acknowledged: 27, Response Pending: 44 
 Read 
 Read 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Read 
 Response Pending 
 Read 
 Response Pending 
 Read 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Read 
 Read 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Read 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Read 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Read 
 Response Pending 
 Read 
 Read 
 Response Pending 
 filer:///C/Users/bop18967/AppData/Local/Temp/2/XPgrpwise/5D403854NYMDOMINY... 8/14/2019 
 EFTA00032149
Page 2 of 3 
 Read 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Read 
 Read 
 Response Pending 
 Read 
 Read 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Response Pending 
 Read 
 Read 
 Response Pending 
 Read 
 Transferred 
 Read 
 Response Pending 
 Read 
 Read 
 Response Pending 
 Read 
 Response Pending 
 Read 
 Read 
 Read 
 Attachments: User: 0. System: 2 
 Send Options: 
 file 
 //C:/Users/bop18967/AppData/Local/Temp/2/XPgrpwise/5D403854NYMDOMINY... 8/14/2019 
 EFTA00032150
WILLIAM JULIE 
 AVOCAT A LA COUR — ATTORNEY AT LAW 
 26. In these circumstances, it cannot have been the intention of French lawmakers that 
 Article 696-4 of the French Code of Criminal Procedure be. construed as meaning that 
 a person who has lost French nationality would still be entitled to be protected from 
 extradition since the French government has on several occasions deported to third 
 countries individuals who had been deprived of their' rench nationality following the 
 commission of criminal offences. 
 William JULIE 
 Avocar o Jo Cour 
 6 
 51, RUC AMPCRC • 75011 PARIS • It. 01 80 33 51 no - FAX. 01 SO 33 51131 
 - www.wjavocatccom - PALMS C1652 
 EFTA00031935
Page 3 of 3 
 fi le //C:/Users/bop18967/AppData/Localicemp/2/XPg,rpwise/5D403854N YMD °MIN Y... 8/14/2019 
 EFTA00032151
Page I of I 
 - Epstein 
 From: 
 To: 
 Date: 7/25/2019 1:35 PM 
 Subject: Epstein 
 The National Suicide Prevention Coordinator from Central Office, Dr. Nagle, contacted me today about Epstein. 
 He thought that housing him with another sex offender in SHU would be a good idea. I told him I would speak 
 with the executive staff about his suggestion. Also,Mahought it wise that we keep him down here for a 
 bit (as is the plan already). 
 I am heading to the hospital in about a half an hour or so. If you need me for anything, feel free to call my cell 
 phone Thank you. 
 U.S. Department of Justice/ 
 Federal Bureau of Prisons 
 Metropolitan Corr ter 
 file:///e/Users/bop19019/AppData/l.ocal/TempAPgrpwise/5D3913001:NYM DOM1N Y M... 8/26/2019 
 EFTA00032152
0 
 Suicide Prevention 
 Annual Training 2019 
 EFTA00032153
At -Risk Settings 
 • Restrictive Housing 
 • Single Cells 
 • Private Spaces 
 EFTA00032154
03 ) 
 EFTA00032155
It is recommended that all SHU inmates be 
 double -celled unless there is a compelling 
 reason not to do so. 
 EFTA00032156
Bureau of Prisons 
 Psychology Services 
 Intake Screening 
 "SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED" 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: M 
 Date: 07/08/2019 09:24 Provider: 
 Reg #: 76318-054 
 Facility' NYM  Unit Team: 11/48O 
 Limits of Confidentiality 
 Limits of confidentiality were reviewed with inmate EPSTEIN. He expressed an understanding of the limits Df confidentiality 
 and consented to be interviewed accordingly. 
 Data Source(s) 
 The following data sources were reviewed in conjunction with this Initial Intake Evaluation: Self-Report, SENTRY, Staff 
 Observation. 
 Inmate Epstein is a 66-year-old, Black male who was seen by Psychology Services due to newly arrivi g at MCC-NY. He 
 denied a history of mental health treatment on his Psychology Services Intake Questionnaire. 
 Mental Health History and Current Symptoms 
 No history of mental health issues was noted. 
 No history of prior mental health treatment was noted. 
 No current mental health symptoms were noted. 
 No suicidal ideation, attempts, or self-harm were noted. 
 Substance Abuse 
 No history of substance abuse was noted. 
 No history of substance abuse treatment was noted. 
 Sex Offenses 
 No sexual offense convictions were noted. 
 No history of sexual predation in a correctional setting was noted. 
 Relevant PsychosocIal History 
 Noteworthy psychosocial issues: Other. 
 Inmate Epstein is currently incarcerated for a Sex Trafficking. He stated he was previously incarcerated three months f or 
 prostitution. Inmate Epstein stated he is single and does not have any children. He revealed he was li/ing in New York. 
 He stated he completed high school. He stated he was employed in banking work prior to his incarcer ion. 
 Adjustment to Incarceration 
 Adjustment to incarceration concerns were identified: Other. 
 SEXUAL ABUSE HISTORY 
 Inmate Epstein denied being the victim of physical or sexual abuse. He is currently charged with sex tr fficking and has 
 previously been charged with prostitution. He was informed of the programs offered by MCC-NY as w II as the Bureau of 
 Prisons. Additionally, he was informed of this institutions self-help program. Inmate Epstein reported tr was not currently 
 interested in any treatment programs. 
 MENTAL STATUS: 
 Inmate Epstein appeared calm, controlled, without signs of psychomotor agitation or retardation. He was fully cooperative, 
 maintained good eye-contact, and related in an interpersonally appropriate manner with interviewer. eech and thought lip 
 processes were organized, coherent, logical, and goal-directed. 
 Based on informal assessment during this interview, this inmate's cognitive functioning appeared withi normal limits, as 
 reflected by adequate long and short-term memory, good attention, and appropriate concentration duri g interview, as well 
 as adequate receptive and expressive language skills. Inmate denied any current sleep disturbances nd described his 
 appetite as adequate. 
 This inmate denied recent or present morbid thoughts, passive or active suicidal ideation, intent or pia and contracted for 
 safety. This inmate's verbalizations were optimistic, future oriented, and without indications of helples or hopeless 
 thinking. Inmate Brown denied any familial history of suicide behaviors or attempts. 
 This inmate was provided with supportive psychotherapy, and psycho-education to strengthen coping Skills and facilitate 
 adjustment to incarceration. 
 Findings 
 Care Level: CARE1-MH 
 Generated 07/0812019 0920 by Bureau of Prisons - NYM Page 1 of 2 
 EFTA00032157
074 •N /0"1 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: M 
 Date: 07/08/2019 09:24 Provider. 
 Reg #: 76318-054 
 Unit Team: A&O 
 Inmate EPSTEIN denied any history of mental health symptoms or treatment. He denied any current menta health symptoms. 
 He does not meet criteria for any current psychological diagnosis. He meets criteria for Mental Health Car Code 1. 
 CARE1-MH is indicative of an inmate who shows no significant level of functional impairment associated th a mental illness 
 and demonstrates no need for regular mental health intervention. 
 Recommendations 
 The following psychological services are recommended: Other. 
 Inmate EPSTEIN was educated about both routine and emergency procedures for contacting Psychology staff. He does 
 not appear to be in distress at this time. He agreed to contact psychology if he feels he needs psychol0gy services in the 
 future. He meets criteria for CC1 and does not require scheduled follow up at this time. 
 Completed by on 07/08/2019 09:30 
 Generated 07/08/2019 09:30 by Bureau of Prisons NYM Page 2 of 2 
 EFTA00032158
OEN 
 Bureau of Prisons 
 Psychology Services 
 Risk of Sexual Abusiveness 
 "SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED" 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD Reg #: 76318-054 
 Date of Birth: 01/2011953 Sex: M Unit Team A&O 
 Date: 07/08/2019 09:35 Provider: 
 Comments 
 Risk of Sexual Abusiveness 
 During the intake screening process, for Inmate Epstein, based on the documentation available at the time of the 
 screening, and Inmate Epstein's self-report, he was identified as being at risk for sexual abusiveness due t. previous 
 perpetration of sexual abuse in the community or in an institutional setting, as evidenced by the following o 'ective 
 criteria: 
 ( ) Having a history of prior institutional violence or sexual abuse perpetration 
 (X ) Having a history of prior sexual abuse perpetration in the community 
 (X ) Having prior convictions of violent offenses 
 As required by P5324.11, Sexually Abusive Behavior Prevention and Intervention, Inmate Epstein was se by 
 Psychology on today's date to assess his risk factors for sexual abusiveness. At the onset of this clinical ntact, the 
 inmate was informed about the BOP requirements regarding PREA. Inmate Epstein indicated he underst ds the 
 institution's policy against engaging in sexual behavior. His risk factors for sexual abusiveness were asse ed and 
 include: 
 ( ) History of prior sexual victimization in prison 
 ( X ) History of prior prison sexual predation 
 ( ) History of head injury with loss of consciousness 
 ( ) History of childhood psychological, physical, sexual abuse 
 ( ) Witnessed family violence 
 ( ) Antisocial Personality Disorder traits of irritability/aggressiveness and recklessness 
 ( ) Hypersexuality (defined by eight or more orgasms a week prior to prison) 
 ( ) Hypermasculinity 
 ( ) Other: 
 Based on this clinical assessment, the inmate is considered to be at 
 (X ) Low Risk of Abusiveness at this facility (Note: Even though this inmate is judged to be at low risk of s xual 
 abusiveness, an unforeseen change in risk factors may significantly alter his risk level.). Programming 
 recommendations included sex offender treatment Inmate Epstein declined programming recommendatio s.The 
 Inmate understands the procedure for contacting Psychology for routine or emergent services. 
 ( ) Moderate Risk of Abusiveness. The Unit Team and Correctional Staff have been notified regarding Psychology 
 staff's recommendation that he not be housed in a cell with any inmates identified as at increased risk for sexual 
 victimization. Psychology also recommends a greater level of supervision regarding his work and educatio 
 assignments. Programming recommendations include XXXXX. Inmate =inmateLastName is agreeable toodeclined 
 programming recommendations. 
 ( ) High Risk of Abusiveness. It is recommended this inmate be housed in the Special Housing Unit in dance with 
 P5324.11 to "keep separate those inmates at high risk of being sexually victimized from those at high risk t f being 
 sexually abusive" until Correctional Services and Correctional Programs staff can assess his appropriat ss for 
 general population at this facility. This inmate should not be housed with any inmates judged to be at an I ased risk 
 for sexual victimization. Programming recommendations include XXXXX. Inmate =inmateLastName is ag eeable to/ 
 cleaned programming recommendations. 
 Generated 07/08/2019 09:41 by Bureau of Prisons NYM Page 1 of 2 
 EFTA00032159
Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: 
 Date: 07/08/2019 09:35 Provider. 
 Facility: NYM 
 Reg #: 
 Unit Team 
 76318-054 
 A&O 
 Completed by on 07/08/2019 09:41 
 Generated 0748/2019 09:41 by Bureau of Prisons - NYM Page 2 of 2 
 EFTA00032160
Page I of I 
 EPSTEIN EYES SEX-RAP RELIEF 
 Business -
 Bundle -A -Day 
 GI°,VEiAWA,J 
 Enter daffy to ion an 
 4 71 1 4 : 31 : 1 4= 6 : 74
 October 9. 2007 LAWYERS for Jeffrey Epstein - the billionaire Manhattan 
 investment manager who's agreed to plead guilty to soliciting underage 
 prostitutes at his Palm Beach mansion in exchange for Just 16 months in the 
 stammer - are mulling asking federal prosecutors to drop their demand that he 
 register as a sex offender In a letter drafted, but not sent, to U S Attorney 
 Alexander Costa and obtained by Page Six. Epstein's lawyer. Gerald 
 Lefcourt, writes, "Doing so will have a profound impact (on Epstein] both 
 immediately and forever after Not only will he be restricted to a wholly 
 inappropriate penal facility. but he will be required for the test of his life to 
 account for his whereabouts" Epstein, a former business partner of Daily 
 News owner Mort Zuckerman. pleaded guilty to a state charge in exchange 
 for the feds' dropping their probe into possible federal criminal violations 
 Lefcourt argues that only the feds have demanded that Epstein register. 
 "despite the fact that the state was of the view that Mr Epstein's conduct did 
 not warrant registration." A rep for Epstein had no comment 
 / /I/aloe(' at 
 f more than 
 '550! 
 Home 
 NEW YORK POST is a registered trademark of NYP Holdsngs. Inc NYPOST.COM, NYPOSTONLINE COIA. and 
 NEWYORKPOST COM 
 are trademarks of NYP Holdings. Inc 
 Copynght 2008 NYP Holdings. Inc MI rights reserved 
 htt p://www.nypost.com/php/p friendly/pri nt.php?url=http://www.ny post.com/se ven/ 1009200... 6/312008 
 MM22-ATTYS LETTERS AND MISC-000124 
 EFTA00031936
Bureau of Prisons 
 Psychology Services 
 General Administrative Note 
 **SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED** 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD Reg #: 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: M F7aJYAI Unit Team: 
 Date: 07/08/2019 10:41 Provider: 
 76318-054 
 A&O 
 Comments 
 This writer consulted with Central Office, regarding inmate Epstein. Inmate Epstein has 1. arious risk 
 factors for suicidality including a high profile case with media attention, sex offense charges, pre-trial status and a court 
 proceeding today which could potentially be giving him bad news regarding his legal situation. As such, when Inmate 
 Epstein returns from court, R&D staff as well as Lieutenant's have been informed to immediately notify the psychology 
 department. If he returns after duty hours, the aforementioned staff were Instructed to notify the on-call psypFlologist 
 and to place inmate Epstein on a watch status until psychology can conduct a thorough suicide risk assessment. 
 Completed by f Psychologist on 07/08/2019 10:49 
 Generated 07/082019 10:49 by Bureau of Prisons - NY1A I Papilla, 1 
 EFTA00032161
fa\ 
 Bureau of Prisons 
 "SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED" 
 Psychology Services 
 Clinical Intervention - Clinical Contact 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD 
 M Facili : NYM Unit Team: 5 
 Date: 07/27/2019 07:14 Provider: 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: 
 Reg # 76318-054 
 focus of Se_s_sion
 He was seen by writer while he was on Psych Observation. 
 Bitbie_clive/Ottiective Presentation 
 The 'EatEng/Shower Chart" indicated yesterday he ate dinner, drank liquids, and took a shower when offered. The 
 Psych Observation Log noted he brushed his teeth, went to a Legal visit, talked about business and investin
 P
 6 
 to an 
 Inmate Companion, ate, and slept. 
 When interviewed, he stated he still cannot remember what happened in SHU that caused the marks on his neck He 
 stated that for the 5 days before that he had only slept about 30 minutes each night because of noise in SHU. He stated 
 he is anxious about going back to SHU because he stated he is going back to a place where he had gotten marks on his 
 neck and he does not know why it happened. 
 He said he has an appetite and is eating. He said he is waking up every 1 1/2 hours. He stated he feels de ydrated 
 because he is not drinking enough water because he stated he feels he is not given enough bathroom brea s while with 
 his Attorney. Medical was e-mailed with his complaint of feeling dehydrated. He said his Lawyers and frien s are all 
 emotionally supportive. 
 Current Mental Status: He exhibited a neutral mood with a kill range of affect. His speech was logical and coherent, with 
 no loosening of associations or tangential, circumstantial or irrelevant speech. Auditory and visual hallucinations were 
 denied, and delusions were not elicited. He did not engage in any bizarre or inappropriate behavior. He denied current 
 suicidal or self harm ideation. He stated "I'm a coward." He added he does not like pain and even does not like when 
 he has to give blood. He agreed to immediately tell staff and Inmate Companions if he starts to have suicidal or self 
 harm thoughts. He was future oriented. He does not appear to be an immediate danger to self. He denied tLughts of 
 hurting others and he agreed to tell staff and Inmate Companions if he has these thoughts. 
 Intervention(s1
 Supportive and educative interventions were provided. Turning Points handouts on stress management, sleep, and 
 building a routine in SHU were placed on his cell door to be given to him when his food slot is opened. He stated he 
 wants it noted in his chart that he is being given a pamphlet on sleep, but that is not going to help because of the noise 
 in SHU that prevents him from sleeping. 
 Progress/Plan 
 He will remain on Psych Observation in an abundance of caution and pending housing arrangements to be grade on 
 Monday. While on Psych Observation, he will be seen daily by Psychology. 
 Completed by on 07/28/2019 09:19 
 Generated 07/28O019 09 19 by Bureau of Pnsons - NYM Page 1 of 1 
 EFTA00032162
Bureau of Prisons 
 Psychology Services 
 Clinical Intervention - Clinical Contact 
 **SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED'. 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: NYM 
 Date: 07/28/2019 08:33 Provider: 
 Reg #: 76318-054 
 Unit Team: 5 
 Eons of Session 
 He was seen by writer while he was on Psych Observation. 
 Subjective/Objective Presentation 
 The "Eating/Shower Chart" noted that yesterday he ate breakfast. He is not in the Psych Observation cell for about 12 
 hours per day because of being in Attorney Conference with his Attorneys, so the "Eating/Shower Chart" may not reflect 
 all of his meals. He stated he was served one meal in Attorney Conference yesterday. He stated he drinks a lot water 
 at night. The Psych Observation log noted he talked about life in general population and he slept. 
 Earlier he had complained that his right arm was numb and hanging. Nurse Columbo from Medical had se n him for 
 this. 
 When this writer was interviewing him, he said his right arm still feels somewhat numb and he said he cann t make a fist 
 with that hand. He also said he has numbness on his neck. This writer notified Nurse 
 He stated last night when he flushed the toilet it kept flushing for 45 minutes. He stated he found it so aversive and 
 upsetting that he said he sat in the corner and held his ears. He said because of this he was agitated for hours and was 
 not able to sleep. The Lt. will be moving him to a different cell and he was informed of this. He stated the eling he got 
 with the noise of the toilet was similar to when he was In SHU. He said he may have something on the Au sm 
 spectrum. He said in the movie "Rain Man," the person with Autism had an aversion to noise. He stated h is also 
 really good with numbers. 
 Current Mental Status: He exhibited a mildly anxious mood with a full range of affect. His speech was logical and 
 coherent, with no loosening of associations or tangential, circumstantial or irrelevant speech. Auditory and visual 
 hallucinations were denied, and delusions were not elicited. He did not engage in any bizarre or inappropri ate behavior. 
 He denied current suicidal or self harm ideation and he agreed to immediately tell staff and Inmate Companions if he 
 starts to have suicidal or self harm thoughts. He was future oriented. He does not appear to be an immedi ate danger to 
 self. He denied thoughts of hurting others and he agreed to tell staff and Inmate Companions if he has these thoughts. 
 fILLIDfflatatfal 
 Supportive and educative interventions were again provided. He had not been given the Turning Point handouts 
 yesterday that were on his cell door, so they were handed to him by staff today. 
 Progress/Plan
 He will remain on Psych Observation in an abundance of caution and pending housing arrangements to b6 made on 
 Monday. While on Psych Observation, he will be seen daily by Psychology. 
 Completed by on 07/28/2019 09:24 
 Generated 0728/2019 09:24 by Bureau of Prisons - NYM Pagel of 1 
 EFTA00032163
Bureau of Prisons 
 '"SENSITIVE BUT, UNCLASSIFIED'• 
 Psychology Services 
 Clinical Intervention - Clinical Contact 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: M Fee: NYM 
 Date: 07/29/2019 10:01 Provider: 
 Reg #: 
 Unit Team 
 76318-054 
 5 
 Focus of Session 
 Inmate Epstein was seen while on psychological observation today in the hospital area. 
 SubJectivelObjectIve Presentation 
 Same; presentation today, but he said he thinks his memory for the incident (injury to his neck) may be imp Iced 
 because of his sleep apnea. He is supposed to get his CPAP machine today. He is aware he will be retu ing to SHU, 
 but said he Is feeling unwell due to his inability to sleep and numbness in his arm. He requested to have 0 e good night 
 of sleep with his CPAP and will return to SHU with a cellmate tomorrow. He then asked if he could remain down here 
 where it is "safe" for the entire week. I told him he can stay down one more night to receive his CPAP and a good 
 night's sleep, but that he would be returned to SHU tomorrow. It was explained that there is no mental health issues 
 precluding him from returning to SHU tomorrow and that we could not house him in the SW/Hospital area because he 
 felt safe or more comfortable for him. It was explained to him that he would be placed In a safe situation i the SW. 
 According to his log book and eating/shower chart, he has been eating and drinking when not in his legal sits. He has 
 also been writing and attending his legal visits. 
 InterventinnIt 
 Inmate EPSTEIN was provided with brief supportive interventions and psychoeducation regarding additio coping 
 strategies. Inmate EPSTEIN was somewhat receptive to these interventions, but appears more concerned about getting 
 his various needs in the prison (phone calls, recreation, housing placement concerns, etc.) 
 Progress/Plan 
 He will remain on psychological observation today and will transition to the SHU tomorrow. He will be see 
 psychology daily to assess his mental status and psychological functioning. 
 Completed by on 07/29/2019 10:26 
 Generated 07/29/2019 10:26 by Bureau or Prisons- NYM 
 by 
 Page 1 or 1 
 EFTA00032164
Bureau of Prisons 
 "SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED" 
 Psychology Services 
 Clinical Intervention - Clinical Contact 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: NYM 
 Date: 07/30/201912:01 Provider: 
 Reg #: 76318-054 
 Unit Team: 5 
 Focus of Session 
 He was seen by writer while he was on Psych Observation. 
 Subjective/Objective Presentation 
 He stated he hasn't slept well at MCC-NY because he hasn't had his cpap machine. He stated it is here a he will be 
 able to start using it tonight. He discussed how he does not think he will able to sleep in SHU and how he oes not like 
 SHU because of the noise. He discussed issues on not getting some medication with Medical today. 
 The "Eating/Shower Chart" indicated yesterday he ate breakfast and dinner, drank liquids, and took a shover when 
 offered and so far today it noted he ate breakfast and drank liquids. The Psych Observation Log noted he lept, drank 
 water, went to legal, and talked to an Inmate Companion about investments. 
 Current Mental Status: He exhibited a neutral mood with a full range of affect. His speech was logical and herent, with 
 no loosening of associations or tangential, circumstantial or irrelevant speech. Auditory and visual hallucin lions were 
 denied, and delusions were not elicited. He did not engage in any bizarre or inappropriate behavior. There was no 
 indication of disturbed thought process or content. Intellectual ability appeared to be above average. Pers nal hygiene 
 was adequate. He denied current suicidal or self harm ideation and he agreed to immediately tell staff if h starts to 
 have suicidal or self harm thoughts. He was future oriented. He does not appear to be an Immediate dang to self. He 
 denied thoughts of hurting others and he agreed to tell staff if he has these thoughts. 
 InterventIonls).
 SuppOrtive and educative interventions were provided. When asked about the Turning Point handouts for coping in 
 SHU, he stated he already knows these strategies before he read the handouts and had tried them when e was in SHU 
 the laSt time. He stated with the noise in SHU, he said the strategies will not work. He was encouraged t by them. 
 progress/Plan 
 The Chief Psychologist was consulted. Psych Observation will be discontinued. Mr. Epstein was educat about both 
 routine and emergency procedures for contacting Psychology staff. He will be seen In follow up by Psych logy 
 tomorrow to monitor his mental status and to provide further Intervention if needed and he was informed t at he will be 
 seen by Psychology tomorrow. In the meantime, he was encouraged to self-refer to Psychology if need to which he 
 agreed and seems capable of doing. If he remains in SHU, he will be seen by Psychology in SHU Round and in SHU 
 Reviews. The SHU Lt. was informed that Mr. Epstein needs to be housed with an appropriate cellmate. 
 Complete0 by on 07/30/201913:54 
 Generated Q7401201913:64 by Bureau of Prisons - NYM Page I of I 
 EFTA00032165
Bureau of Prisons 
 -SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED" 
 Psychology Services 
 Institution Disciplinary Process Report 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD Reg #: 76318-054 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex:NYM Unit Team: 5 
 Date: 07/30/2019 12:01 Provider: 
 Reasonjor Referral and Identifying Information 
 Inmate Epstein was referred by Unit Manager Proto for an evaluation of competency to proceed with the diaciplinary 
 process for actions resulting in an incident report. On 7/23/19, inmate Epstein was charged with code 228 (Tattooing or 
 Self -Mutilation). These infractions were assigned incident report number 3282555. 
 BarastaundInfammtion 
 According to a Suicide Risk Assessment dated 7/09/19 by "Inmate Epstein denied any history of mental 
 health treatment, either on an inpatient or outpatient basis. Inmate Epstein denied any treatment in the pas or present 
 with paychotroplc medication. He also denied any acute mental health symptoms at this time." 
 According to a Suicide Risk Assessment dated 7/09/19 by EM, "Inmate Epstein denied any past or prsent 
 suicidal ideation, intention or plan. He denied ever engaging In any suicide attempts or self-injurious behavior In the 
 past." 
 According to this writer's Suicide Risk Assessment dated 7/23/19, It is unclear at this time if he had placed the string 
 around his neck or if someone else did." 
 Clinical Interview and Mental Status Exam 
 Inmate Epstein still does not remember how he obtained the marks around his neck. 
 Current Mental Status: He exhibited a neutral mood with a full range of affect. His speech was logical and herent, with 
 no lodsening of associations or tangential, circumstantial or irrelevant speech. Auditory and visual halludna 'ons were 
 denied, and delusions were not elicited. He did not engage in any bizarre or inappropriate behavior. Ther was no 
 indication of disturbed thought process or content. Intellectual ability appeared to be above average. Pe al hygiene 
 was adequate. He denied current suicidal or self harm ideation and he agreed to immediately tell staff if he starts to 
 have suicidal or self harm thoughts. He was future oriented. He does not appear to be an immediate dang r to self. He 
 denied thoughts of hurting others and he agreed to tell staff If he has these thoughts. 
 Clinical Impression 
 According to his last Diagnostic and Care Level Formulation Note dated 7/09/19 by "No Diagnosi , No Dx -
 Current." 
 aids
 The determination of whether an Inmate is competent to proceed with the disciplinary process is based on clinical 
 assessment of the Inmate's (1) ability to understand the nature of the proceedings, and (2) their ability to a ist in their 
 own defense. Depending on the outcome of the assessment, one of three findings can be made: (1) the in ate is 
 COMPETENT to proceed with the disciplinary process; (2) the inmate is NOT PRESENTLY COMPETENT ut could be 
 restored to competence with treatment; or (3) the inmate Is NOT COMPETENT and is unlikely to become mpetent. 
 Recommendations Regarding Sanctions 
 In the case of inmate Epstein, after a review of available psychological and psychiatric records as well as In ormation 
 pertaining to the offense conduct, It is determined that this Inmate Is: 
 (X) COMPETENT to proceed with the disciplinary process. 
 Notr PRESENTLY COMPETENT, but could become competent with treatment; it is recommended that the inmate for 
 an updated competency assessment in 30 days. 
 ( ) NOff COMPETENT and not likely to become competent. 
 Generated 07/30/2019 12:33 by Bureau of Prisons - NYM Page 1 of 2 
 EFTA00032166
Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD Reg #: 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: NYM Unit Team 
 Date: 07/30/2019 12:01 Provider 
 76318-054 
 5 
 Complete by on 07/30/2019 12:33 
 Generated 07/3020191221 Bureau of Prisons • NYM Page 2 of 2 
 EFTA00032167
Bureau of Prisons 
 Psychology Services 
 General Administrative Note 
 ••SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED** 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD Reg #: 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: M Facili : NYM Unit Team: 
 Date: 07/30/2019 12:01 Provider. 
 76318-054 
 6 
 Comments
 Psych Observation Discontinuation Note: 
 Please see "Clinical Contact" dated today. 
 Completed by on 07/30/2019 12:33 
 Generated 07/30720191233 by Bureau of Pdsons - NYM Page 1 of 1 
 EFTA00032168
Bureau of Prisons 
 "SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED" 
 Psychology Services 
 Clinical Intervention - Clinical Contact 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD 
 Date of Stith: 01/20/1953 Sex: tit 
 Date: 07/31/2019 10:35 Provider: 
 Facility: NYM 
 Reg #: 
 Unit Team: 
 76318-054 
 5 
 focus of Session 
 Mr. EPSTEIN was seen today by this writer for a follow up appointment after he was removed from Psycho ogical 
 Observation yesterday. 
 SubJectIvelObJective Presentation 
 Mr. EPSTEIN presented in a pleasant mood and reported he is generally doing well. He stated, 'I could be ter,' but 
 acknowledged he is doing as well as can be expected given his circumstances. He reported he is going to rt today 
 for a status hearing. He stated he generally slept well last night and is readjusting to being placed back in HU. He 
 reported getting along well with his cell mate. He was informed of appropriate procedures for contacting Ps chology 
 staff while he is in SHU, if needed. 
 Current Mental Status: Mr. EPSTEIN was alert and oriented. He was polite, calm, and cooperative in dem nor. He 
 exhibffed a neutral affect with appropriate range. Eye contact and hygiene were appropriate. He spoke wit normal rate, 
 tone, and volume. His thoughts were organized and coherent, with no loosening of associations or tangen al, 
 circumstantial, or irrelevant content. There was no evidence of perceptual disturbance, delusional ideation, or a formal 
 thought disorder. He did not engage in any bizarre or inappropriate behavior. He noted having normal sle ing and 
 eating habits. Mr. EPSTEIN explicitly denied recent and current suicidal Ideation, planning, and intent. He Was future-
 oriented and expressed a commitment to life and safety, agreeing to contact staff immediately should he experience 
 suicidal ideation or psychological distress. He also denied thoughts of harming others. 
 interventIontal • 
 Supportive interventions and cognitive behavioral therapeutic techniques were utilized. Mr. EPSTEIN was receptive to 
 all Interventions. 
 frogresi/Plau
 Mr. EPSTEIN was educated about both routine and emergency procedures for contacting psychology. Th e appears to 
 be no need for follow-up at this time and he expressed willingness to self refer to psychology staff if neede . He will 
 continue to be seen during routine SHU rounds and SHU reviews while he is housed in SHU. He was en raged to 
 reach out for PRN services should he experience any psychological distress. 
 Completed by on 07/31/201910:56 
 Generated 07/31/201910:56 by Bureau of Prisons - NYM Page 1 of 1 
 EFTA00032169
Bureau of Prisons 
 Psychology Services 
 Suicide Risk Assessment 
 "SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED" 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD Reg ff: 76318-054
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: M Facility: NYM Unit Team: 5 
 Date: 08/01/2019 13:29 Provider 
 Type of Housing: SHU- Administrative Segregation 
 Cell Accommodation: 
 Double -Cell 
 .EINDING.S 
 This assessment and the resulting recommendations are based on the following sources of information: 
 Clinical Interview, Medical Record, Psychology Data System, Sentry 
 Beason foLlieferral.
 R & D staff reported to this writer this mornIng at about 8:30 AM on 8/01/19 that yesterday when Mr. Epstein was 
 brought back from court the US Marshals asked him to sign a form that noted Mr. Epstein has "suicidal tendencies." Mr. 
 Epstein was seen for a Suicide Risk Assessment at about 1:00 PM on 8/01/19 in Attorney Conference. 
 This note is being entered at about 4:20 PM on 8/01/19. 
 Mentablealth History 
 According to a Suicide Risk Assessment dated 7/09/19 by En, "Inmate Epstein denied any history 9f mental 
 health treatment, either on an inpatient or outpatient basis. Inmate Epstein denied any treatment in the past or present 
 with psychotropic medication. He also denied any acute mental health symptoms at this time." 
 Self -Harm History 
 According to a Suicide Risk Assessment dated 7/09/19 by "Inmate Epstein denied any past or present 
 suicidal ideation, intention or plan. He denied ever engaging in any suicide attempts or self-injurious beh Vior in the 
 past." 
 According to this writers Suicide Risk Assessment dated 7/23/19, "It is unclear at this time if he had placed the string 
 around his neck or if someone else did." 
 Current Problem 
 R & D staff reported to this writer this morning at about 8:30 AM on 8/01/19 that yesterday when Mr. Epstein was 
 brought back from court the US Marshals asked him to sign a form that noted Mr. Epstein has "suicidal tendencies." 
 This is likely due to the incident on 7/23/19, but as a precaution another Suicide Risk Assessment was c nducted. 1 
 Mr. Epstein seemed surprised that there was a form noting suicidal tendencies. He denied stating he wa suicidal. 
 He said he saw the DHO today and he said his incident report for the marks on his neck was expunged. He stated even 
 though he has his cpap machine now, he said his cellmate talks at night and he stated this keeps him upl This writer 
 offered to talk to the SHU Lt. to have him housed with a different cellmate, but he stated he wants to give it 3 to 4 days 
 to see if he wants a different cellmate. He complained about the noise in SHU. 
 ClIttentikatcatatttS 
 Level of Consciousness: Alert and Oriented 
 Psychomotor Activity: Normal 
 General Appearance: Normal 
 Behavior: Cooperative 
 Mood: Appropriate to Content 
 Thought Process: Goal Directed 
 Thought Content: Normal 
 Current Mental Status: He exhibited a neutral mood with a mildly restricted range of affect. His speech was logical and 
 Generated 08/01/2019 16:21 by Bureau of Prisons - NYM Page 1 of 3 
 EFTA00032170
Jeffrey Epsrein reicaqed from jail today: won't have electronic monitoring device during y... Page 1 of 4 
 NimBeadiDailyNman 
 €2 PRINT-THIS 
 P0WV6C by riatekatilky 
 Jeffrey Epstein released from jail today: won't have electronic monitoring device during year's 
 probation 
 By MICHELE DARGAN 
 Daily News Staff Writer 
 Tuesday, July 21, 2009 
 liiddated 1:1:30 p.m. Wednesday 
 Convicted sex offender Jeff-ey Epstein, released from jail 
 shortly after 6 a m. Wednesday, will net be tracked by an 
 electronic monitoring device during his one.year 
 probation, according to a court order. 
 Epstein, who served less than 13 months of his 18-month 
 sentence at the Paim Beach County Stockade, will serve 
 one year of probation al his El Brillo Way home. He 
 already has registered as a sex offender. 
 In addition, Epstein. who nas been out of jail on work 
 release for 16 hours a day six days a week since 
 October, has been going to his Palm Beach home as well 
 as his West Palm Beach office for the past two weeks. 
 His attorney. Jack Gcildbeiger, as well as Palm Beach 
 County Sheriffs Office records confirm that Epstein has 
 been to his home on several occasions Goldberger sad 
 Epstein was gven PESO permission to be at home for 
 specific time periods in order to make the transition from 
 jail to his home 
 The plea agreement stipulated that Epstein, a billionaire 
 financier, would not be placed on electronic monitoring, 
 Goldberger said An earlier court order incorrectly had 
 him listed as having to be monitored.
 "A very difficult part it his life is ending, and he is looking 
 forward to moving on." Goldberger said. 
 Epstein, 56. pleaded guilty to procuring a minor for 
 prostitution and soliciting prostitution 
 RELATED LINKS 
 More ,;tffrey Epstein case 
 coverage 
 National Sex Offender Public 
 Website 
 Palm Beach Post Photo by Lanris 
 Waters 
 ferilartkePh0lf4 
 Jeffrey Epstein is whisked away 
 from the Palm Beach County jail in 
 a black car shortly after 6 a.m. 
 today. Epstein left he jail through 
 the sally port where pnsoners are 
 brought in, ratha than through the 
 main doors where prisoners are 
 routinely released.
 sies:
 iiniyiOsSkabifityoyinipttcpc?nction=cpt&fitle—leiTtey+Epstcid+released+0.0.. 123/"Ak9 
 Sl:0l R-3L0-6002 
 MM22-FAX FROM PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 02-000002 
 EFTA00031937
Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD Reg #: 76318-054 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: M Facili : NYM Unit Team: 5 
 Date: ' 08/01/201913:29 Provider. 
 coherent, with no loosening of associations or tangential, circumstantial or irrelevant speech. Auditory and vie 
 hallucinations were denied, and delusions were not elicited. He did not engage in any bizarre or inappropriat 
 denied Current suicidal or self harm ideation and he agreed to immediately tell staff if he starts to have suicid 
 thoughts. He was future oriented. He does not appear to be an immediate danger to self. He denied thought 
 others and he agreed to tell staff if he has these thoughts. 
 RISK AND PROTECTIVE FACTORS ASSESSED: 
 This writer screened the inmate for a variety of empirically validated factors commonly associated with risk for 
 suicide. 
 The folloWing STATIC risk factors were assessed to be present and increase the Inmate's risk for engaging in 
 behaviors: High Profile Crime, Lack of family connections, Sex offender status 
 The following DYNAMIC risk factors were assessed to be present and increase the Inmate's risk for engaging 
 behaviors: Current physical pain, Sleep problems 
 The following PROTECTIVE factors were assessed to be present and may decrease the inmate's risk of suicic 
 reasons to live, Denial of suicidal Ideation/intention/plans, Future orientation, Religious beliefs against suicide, 
 relationships, View of death as negative, Willingness  to engage in treatment 
 Risk Factors: He was found by staff in his cell in SHU on 7/23/19 with a string loosely tied around his neck, wh 
 stated he did not remember anything about. It is still unclear at this time If Mr. Epstein had placed the string ark 
 neck or if someone else did. He has a high profile sex offense case. He stated his lower back hurts and he st 
 aware of this. He stated he has difficulty sleeping even with his cpap machine because he stated his cellmate 
 ual 
 behavior. He 
 I or self harm 
 of hurting 
 elf -harm and 
 suicide related 
 n suicide related 
 e:Able to Identify 
 Supportive family 
 h Mr. Epstein 
 and his own 
 ted Medical is 
 elks at night. 
 Protective Factors: He denied current suicidal or self harm thoughts and agreed to tell staff if he starts to have hese thoughts. 
 He had denied a history of self harm and suicide attempts. He had denied a family history of suicidal and self rrn attempts. He 
 had denied having any chronic medical conditions. He denied feeling hopeless. He had denied a history of chit ood abuse. He 
 denied fearing for his safety at this time. He denied feeling like a burden to anyone. He stated he lives for and plans to finish thls 
 case andto go back to his normal life. He said his friends and Lawyers are emotionally supportive. He said he is Jewish and 
 he said Ire his religion suicide is against the religion. 
 Overall, his current protective factors override his risk factors for suicidality. He is currently psychologically stable. He denied 
 feeling hopeless. He is reporting positive future plans and reasons to live for. He said he has social supports in the community 
 and his Lawyers visit him often. He denied any current suicidal or self harm ideation, intention or plan. Suicide Watch is not 
 indicated at this time. 
 planNosis•
 No Diagnosis, No Dx - Current 
 CONCLUSIONS 
 The Overall Acute Suicide Risk for this Inmate is: Low 
 Overall Chronic Suicide Risk for this Inmate is: Absent 
 RECOMMENDATIONS 
 1. Suicide Watch is not indicated at this time. 
 2. Supportive and educative Interventions were provided. 
 3. He was educated about both routine and emergency procedures for contacting Psychology staff. 
 4. He will be seen in follow up by Psychology next week to monitor his mental status and to provide further 
 intervention if needed. 
 5. In the meantime, he was encouraged to self-refer to Psychology if needed to which he agreed and seems capable of doing. 
 6. If he remains in SHU, he will be seen by Psychology in SHU Rounds and in SHU Reviews. 
 Suicide Watch: A suicide watch Is not warranted at this time 
 Generated 06/01201916:21 by Bureau of Prisons - NYM Page 2 of 3 
 EFTA00032171
Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: M Fact : NYM 
 Date: 08101/201913:29 Provider. 
 Reg #: 76318-054 
 Unit Team: 5 
 Completed by on 08/0112019 16:21 
 Owns /20191621 by BurstuorPdborm Page 3 of 3 
 EFTA00032172
Bureau of Prisons 
 "SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED" 
 Psychology Services 
 Clinical Intervention - Clinical Contact 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: 
 Date: 08/08/2019 10:02 Provider: 
 M Facility: NYM 
 Reg 1$: 76318-054 
 Unit Team: 5 
 Focus of Session. 
 Inmate Epstein was seen today for a follow-up session in SHU. 
 SubJective/ObjectIve Presentation 
 Inmate Epstein stated he is feeling okay and has been eating his meals. He reported his sleep as lair an would like 
 to go the general population. He denied any mental health symptoms at this time and denied any feelings f depression 
 and/or anxiety. Inmate Epstein denied any suicidal ideation, intention, or plan. He currently has a cellmate nd appears 
 to Interact with him. Inmate Epstein continues to spend his days and evening with his attorney's in the atto ey 
 conference room. He told this writer he received his PAC number to make phone calls. Inmate Epstein incficated he 
 has only had a couple of phone calls over the speaker phone and wondered "if that counted" as his monthly' phone 
 contact. He also reported he his missing some books he was reading in the suicide watch area prior to returning to the 
 SHU. 
 Other than complaints about the prison and concerns regarding his housing, he had no mental health concerns today. 
 He did not appear to be in any distress and the SHU Staff have not reported any unusual behaviors on his 
 Interventionist
 Inmate EPSTEIN was provided with brief supportive Interventions and psychoeducation regarding additlo coping 
 ,. 
 strategies. Inmate EPSTEIN was receptive to these interventions. 
 EgigreSSLElan 
 Inmate EPSTEIN was educated about both routine and emergency procedures for contacting Psychology staff. He was 
 remi ed of the self-help books and audiotapes available through the Psychology department. There appears to be no 
 need follow up at this time. He will be seen in weekly rounds and monthly for SHU reviews. 
 Comple by on 08/08/2019 10:09 
 Generalsd 910:09 Bureau of Prisons - NYM Page 1 of 1 
 EFTA00032173
OS, 
 Bureau of Prisons 
 Psychology Services 
 Suicide Risk Assessment 
 "SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED" 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD Reg #: 76318-054 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: M  Facility. NYM I  'nit Team: A&O 
 Date: 07/09/2019 08:41 Provider:
 Type of Housing: Other Psychological Observation 
 Cell Accommodation: 
 Single Cell 
 FINDINGS 
 This assessment and the resulting recommendations are based on the following sources of information: 
 Clinical Interview, Medical Record 
 Inmate Epstein was placed on sychological observation when he returned from court yesterday evening 7/8/19 for 
 precautionary reasons. He is1 a suicide watch at this time. 
 Reason for Referral 
 Inmate Epstein is being seen de risk assessment today for precautionary reasons. Inmate Epstein has various 
 risk factors for suicidality at this ing a high profile case with media attention, sex offense/trafficking charges, 
 pre-trial status, and he had a court ing yesterday which could have given him bad news regarding his legal 
 situation. As such, this writer instruc &D staff s well as the Lieutenant's Office, to immediately notify the 
 psychology department when he returned f . Inmate Epstein returned from court after duty hours and denied 
 suicidality. The aforementioned staff notifi -call psychologist and inmate Epstein was placed on a precautionary 
 psychological observation status until psycho • terview him this moming to conduct a suicide risk assessment. 
 Develintmental History 
 Inmate Epstein denied any history of being the victim etrator of physical or sexual abuse. 
 PraucatIonal HIstnry/CrignItIve Impairment 
 Inmate Epstein reported he obtained his high school diploma ed some graduate classes in the area of 
 mathematics. 
 Arrest History and Experience of Incarceration 
 Inmate Epstein reported he has served time in Palm Beach County jail nse charges (soliciting prostitution) in 
 the past. He is now being charged with sex trafficking, on a federal level. 
 Mental Health History 
 4) Inmate Epstein denied any history of mental health treatment, either on an inpab tient basis. Inmate Epstein 
 denied any treatment in the past or present with psychotropic medication. He also d ' cute mental health 
 symptoms at this time. 
 Self -Harm History 
 Inmate Epstein denied any past or present suicidal ideation, intention or plan. He denied ever e ging in any suicide 
 attempts or self-injurious behavior in the past. 
 Substance Abuse History 
 Inmate Epstein denied any alcohol or substance abuse. He said it is well-known that he does not even drink alcohol. 
 Medical Covens 
 Inmate Epstein denied any significant medical problems, other than a history of high triglycerides. He reported feeling 
 constipated at this lime. 
 Current Problem 
 Inmate Epstein is currently on psychological observation due to his having multiple risk factors associated with 
 suicidality. He denies any suicidality at this time and has no mental health or suicide history. He is being seen for a 
 suicide risk assessment in an abundance of caution. 
 Current Mental Status 
 Level of Consciousness: Alert and Oriented 
 Generated 07109/2019 10:36 by Bureau of Prisons - NYM Page 1 of 3 
 EFTA00032174
- Inmate Name: 
 Date of Birth: 
 Date: 
 EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD 
 01/20/1953 Sex: M 
 07/09/2019 08:41 Provider: 
 Reg #: 76318-054 
 Fm ‘IYM Unit Team: A&O 
 at 
 Psychomotor Activity: Normal 
 General Appearance: Normal 
 Behavior: Cooperative 
 Mood: Appropriate to Content 
 Thought Process: Goal Directed 
 Thought Content: Normal 
 Inmate Epstein did not exhibit any acute psychopathology and exhibited a clear mental status. 
 Current Mental Status: Mr. EP 
 a neutral affect with approp 'a 
 and volume. His thoughts 
 irrelevant content. There 
 not engage in any bizarre or Map 
 explicitly denied recent and curre 
 commitment to life and safety, agree 
 N was alert and oriented. He was polite, calm, and cooperative in demeanor. He exhibited 
 e. Eye contact and hygiene were appropriate. The inmate spoke with normal rate, tone, 
 anized and coherent, with no loosening of associations or tangential, circumstantial, or 
 ce of perceptual disturbance, delusional ideation, or a formal thought disorder. He did 
 to behavior. He noted having normal sleeping and eating habits. M EPSTEIN 
 eation, planning, and intent. He was future-oriented and expre ed a 
 tact staff immediately should he experience suicidal ideation. 
 RISK AND PROTECTIVE FACTO SSED* 
 This writer screened the inmate for a variety o 
 suicide. 
 The following STATIC risk factors were assessed t 
 behaviors: High Profile Crime, Lack of family connecti 
 Of the DYNAMIC risk factors assessed, none were foun 
 y validated factors commonly associated with risk for self-harm and 
 The following PROTECTIVE factors were assessed to be pres 
 reasons to live, Adequate problem solving skills, Denial of suici 
 negative, Willingness to engage in treatment 
 As noted above, Inmate Epstein is a 66-year-old Caucasian male. He 
 including a high profile case with extensive media attention, sex offensenr 
 proceeding yesterday which may have given him bad news regarding his leg 
 writer that his only family at this time is his brother, with whom he does not hav 
 and increase the inmate's risk for engaging in 
 ender status 
 nt. 
 suicide related 
 may decrease the inmate's risk of suicide:Able to identify 
 tention/plans, Future orientation, View of death as 
 k factors for suicidality a this time 
 arges, pre-trial status, and he had a court 
 Inmate Epstein also informed this 
 atlonship with. 
 Despite These risk factors, inmate Epstein possesses a number of protective factors a Inmate Epstein adamantly 
 denied any suicidal ideation, intention or plan, He was very future oriented and requeste n call, to meet with his 
 attorney, to take a shower, and to brush his teeth. He was eating his cereal when this writ d said ' I have my paper 
 spoon here? He reported he is going to have a bail hearing on Monday and believes he is go sed from jail. 
 Inmate Epstein reported he is a Banker and has a "big business" in the community and that "bei un " He also 
 revealed he enjoys learning and teaching. He has confidence in his attorney and described him as mpete t." Inmate 
 Epstein denied any mental health history or history of suicidality. He also reported none of his family member have mental 
 health histories. Inmate Epstein stated he is a mathematician and took post graduate classes In this area of s udy. Inmate 
 Epstein stated he has a support system in the community, including friends and other associates. Finally, Inrrate Epstein 
 demonstrated a good sense of humor and did not appear dysphoric, agitated or anxious. No acute psychopathology was noted. 
 Overall, inmate Epstein has numerous protective factors at this time that outweigh his risk factors for suicidalitty. He has a 
 positive outlook regarding his legal case, demonstrates no psychiatric symptoms, has no psychiatric or suicide history, and 
 verbalized a desire to be alive at this time and future orientation. 
 DIAGNOSIS: 
 No Diagnosis, No Dx - Current 
 CONCLUSIONS 
 The Overall Acute Suicide Risk for this Inmate Is: Low 
 Overall Chronic Suicide Risk for this Inmate is: Absent 
 Generated 87/0912019 10:36 by Bureau of Prisons NYM Page 2 of 3 
 EFTA00032175
Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD Reg #: 76318-054 
 Date of Birth: 01120/1953 Sex: M Facili NYM Unit Team: A&O 
 Date: 07/09/2019 08:41 Provider: 
 RECOMMENDATIONS 
 Inmate Epstein is currently on psychological observation pending suitable housing placement. In light of his c9rrent sex offense 
 charges and extensive media coverage on the television, he will need to be confined in a suitable housing unitt Inmate Epstein 
 will be seen daily while on psychological observation and will be seen for a psychological observation follow-up session once he 
 Is released from observation. Inmate Epstein denied the need for psychological intervention, self-help materials, or follow-up. 
 He has been classified as a CC1-MH inmate at this time. CAREI-MH is indicative of an inmate who shows no significant level 
 of fundional impairment associated with a mental illness and demonstrates no need for regular mental health ntervention. 
 Suicide Watch: A suicide watch is not warranted at this time 
 Completed b n 07/09/2019 10:36 
 Generated 07/09/201910:38 by a asf Bureau of Prisons - NYM Pogo 3 of 3 
 EFTA00032176
Bureau of Prisons 
 Health Services 
 See Amendment 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD Reg #: 763 8-054 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: M Race: WHI E 
 Encounter Date: 07/09/2019 08:41 Facility: 
 Amendment made to this note by ton 07/10/2019 09:20. 
 Bureau or Prisons - NYM 
 EFTA00032177
Bureau of Prisons 
 Psychology Services 
 Suicide Risk Assessment 
 "SENSITIVE BUT NCLASSIFIED'•
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: M Facili NYM Unit Team: A&O 
 Date: 07/09/2019 08:41 Provider. 
 Reg #: 76318.054 
 Type of Housing: Other Psychological Observation 
 Cell Accommodation: Single Cell 
 FINDINGS 
 This assessment and the resulting recommendations are based on the following sources of information: 
 Medical Record, Clinical Interview 
 Inmate Epstein was placed on psychological observation when he returned from court yesterday evening 7/ 119 for 
 precautionary reasons. He is not on a suicide watch at this time. He was seen this morning for a psychol ical observation 
 contact and suicide risk assessment this morning, 7/9/19, at 7:30 a.m. as it was determined he possessed spore at-risk 
 factors for suicidality. 
 Reason for Referral 
 Inmate Epstein is being seen for suicide risk assessment today for precautionary reasons. Inmate Epstei has various 
 risk factors for suicidality at this time including a high profile case with media attention, sex offenseJtraffi ng charges, 
 pre-trial status, and he had a court proceeding yesterday which could have given him bad news regardin his legal 
 situation. As such, this writer instructed R&D staff, as well as the Lieutenant's Office, to immediately not the 
 psychology department when he returned from court. Inmate Epstein returned from court after duty hour and denied 
 suicidality. The aforementioned staff notified the on-call psychologist and Inmate Epstein was placed on precautionary 
 psychological observation status until psychology could interview him this morning to conduct a suicide ri assessment. 
 Developmental History 
 Inmate Epstein denied any history of being the victim and/or perpetrator of physical or sexual abuse. 
 Educational HIstory/Cognitive Imoaftment 
 Inmate Epstein reported he obtained his high school diploma and attended some graduate classes in the rea of 
 mathematics. 
 Arrest History and Experience of Incarceration 
 Inmate Epstein reported he has served time in Palm Beach County jail on sex offense charges (soliciting ostitution) in 
 the past. He is now being charged with sex trafficking, on a federal level. 
 Mental Health History 
 Inmate Epstein denied any history of mental health treatment, either on an inpatient or outpatient basis. I mate Epstein 
 denied any treatment in the past or present with psychotropic medication. He also denied any acute men al health 
 symptoms at this time. 
 Self -Harm History 
 Inmate Epstein denied any past or present suicidal ideation, intention or plan. He denied ever engaging 
 attempts or self-Injurious behavior in the past. 
 Substance Abuse History 
 Inmate Epstein denied any alcohol or substance abuse. He said it is well-known that he does not even d 
 Medical Concernit 
 Inmate Epstein denied any significant medical problems, other than a history of high triglycerides. He reported feeling 
 constipated at this time. 
 Current Problem 
 Inmate Epstein is currently on psychological observation due to his having multiple risk factors associates with 
 suicidality. He denies any suicidality at this time and has no mental health or suicide history. He is being seen for a 
 suicide risk assessment in an abundance of caution. 
 Current Mental Statuct 
 Generated 07/101201909:20 by Bureau of Prisons-NYM 
 any suicide 
 nk alcohol. 
 Pagel of 3 
 EFTA00032178
denied any suicidal ideation, intention or plan. He was very future oriented and requested a phone call, to m 
 attorney, to take a shower, and to brush his teeth. He was eating his cereal when this writer arrived and said 
 spoon here." He reported he is going to have a ball hearing on Monday and believes he Is going to be releas 
 Inmate Epstein reported he Is a Banker and has a "big business" in the community and that "being alive is 
 revealed he enjoys learning and teaching. He has confidence in his attorney and described him as "compete 
 Epstein denied any mental health history or history of suicidality. He also reported none of his family membe 
 health histories. Inmate Epstein stated he is a mathematician and took post graduate classes in this area of 
 Epstein stated he has a support system in the community, including friends and other associates. Finally, In 
 demonstrated a good sense of humor and did not appear dysphoric, agitated or anxious. No acute psychop 
 Overall, inmate Epstein has numerous protective factors at this time that outweigh his risk factors for suicidali 
 positive outlook regarding his legal case, demonstrates no psychiatric symptoms, has no psychiatric or suici 
 verbalized a desire to be alive at this time and future orientation. 
 DIAGNOSIS .
 No Diagnosis, No Dx - Current 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD Reg #: 76318-054 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: M FacslYliM Unit Team: A&O 
 Date: 07/09/2019 08:41 Provider f 
 Level of Consciousness: Alert and Oriented 
 Psychomotor Activity: Normal 
 General Appearance: Normal 
 Behavior: Cooperative 
 Mood: Appropriate to Content 
 Thought Process: Goal Directed 
 Thought Content: Normal 
 Inmate Epstein did not exhibit any acute psychopathology and exhibited a clear mental status. 
 Current Mental Status: Mr. EPSTEIN was alert and oriented. He was polite, calm, and cooperative in dem 
 a neutral affect with appropriate range. Eye contact and hygiene were appropriate. The Inmate spoke with 
 and volume. His thoughts were organized and coherent, with no loosening of associations or tangential, dr 
 irrelevant content. There was no evidence of perceptual disturbance, delusional ideation, or a formal though 
 not engage in any bizarre or inappropriate behavior. He noted having normal sleeping and eating habits. M 
 explicitly denied recent and current suicidal ideation, planning, and intent. He was future-oriented and exp 
 commitment to life and safety, agreeing to contact staff immediately should he experience suicidal ideation. 
 RISK AND PROTECTIVE FACTORS ASSESSED. 
 This writer screened the inmate for a variety of empirically validated factors commonly associated with risk for 
 suicide. 
 Th e following STATIC risk factors were assessed to be present and Increase the inmate's risk for engaging in suicide related 
 behaviors: Sex offender status, Lack of family connections, High Profile Crime 
 Of the DYNAMIC risk factors assessed, none were found to be present. 
 The following PROTECTIVE factors were assessed to be present and may decrease the inmate's risk of su 
 engage in treatment, View of death as negative, Future orientation, Denial of suicidal ideation/intention/plans, 
 solving skills, Able to identify reasons to live 
 As noted above, Inmate Epstein is a 66-year-old Caucasian male. He has various risk factors for suicidality a 
 including a high profile case with extensive media attention, sex offense/trafficking charges, pm-trial status, a 
 proceeding yesterday which may have given him bad news regarding his legal situation. Inmate Epstein also 
 writer that his only family at this time is his brother, with whom he does not have a close relationship with. 
 or. He exhibited 
 ormal rate, tone, 
 mstantial, or 
 disorder. He did 
 EPSTEIN 
 a 
 elf -harm and 
 e: Willingness to 
 dequate problem 
 this time 
 d he hada court 
 formed this 
 Despite these risk factors, inmate Epstein possesses a number of protective factors at this time. Inmate Epstjuin adamantly 
 t with his 
 I have my paper 
 from Jail. 
 " He also 
 t." Inmate 
 have mental 
 tudy. Inmate 
 ate Epstein 
 hology was noted. 
 He has a 
 e history, and 
 Generated 07/101201909:20 by Bureau of Prisons NYM Page 2 of 3 
 EFTA00032179
Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: M Facili NYM 
 Date: 07/09/2019 08:41 Provider: 
 Reg #: 76318-054 
 Unit Team: A&O 
 CONCLUSIONS
 The Overall Acute Suicide Risk for this Inmate is: 
 Overall Chronic Suicide Risk for this Inmate is: 
 Low 
 Absent 
 RECOMMENDATIONS..
 Inmate Epstein is currently on psychological observation pending suitable housing placement. In light of his rrent sex offense 
 charges and extensive media coverage on the television, he will need to be confined in a suitable housing uni . Inmate Epstein 
 will be seen daily while on psychological observation and will be seen for a psychological observation follow-u session once he 
 is released from observation. Inmate Epstein denied the need for psychological intervention, self-help materi ls, or follow-up. 
 He has been classified as a CC1-MH inmate at this time. CARE1-MH is indicative of an inmate who shows no significant level 
 of functional impairment associated with a mental illness and demonstrates no need for regular mental health ntervention. 
 Suicide Watch: A suicide watch is not warranted at this time 
 Completed by on 07/10/2019 09:20 
 Generated 07/10/2019 09:20 by Bureau of Prisons - NYS! Page 3 of 3 
 EFTA00032180
Jeffrey Epstein released from Iail today: won't hint a(With; monitoring device dining v... Page 2 of 4 
 More than a dozen young women, who were minors at 
 the time of their encounters. are suing Epstein for sexual 
 abuse Among them Jane Doe No. 3 and Jane Dee No. 
 5, who both say they fear Epstein and believe he should 
 have gotten a much harsher senterce. Both wooer have 
 filed federal lawsuits. 
 Doe No 3, who was 16 at :he time of her encounter with 
 Epstein. said she was shockec to learn Sunday that the 
 Palm Beach resident was getting out of jail early She 
 said she also didn't find out he was or work re:ease until 
 months after the fact 
 'I'm afraid of seeing him' 
 Daily News Photo by Jeffrey 
 Langlois 
 tenlargri".0.10TC0 
 Jeffrey Epsteir's Palm Beach 
 home cn El Br Ho Way. 
 "I'm scared to gc to Palm Beach because I'm afraid of seeing him out in public," said Doe No 
 3, now 21. "They say, 'once a sex offender, always a sex offender.' What makes them think 
 he won't do it again? I'm afraid for future victims I believe every one of his victims is grieving 
 and the just ce system did rot do justice for his victims " 
 Doe No 5 was 16 at the time of her one encounter She is new 22 and has a young caughter, 
 whom she wants to protect 
 "It's really upsetting to me," she said. "I'm scared. He's such a powerful man. and I don't know 
 what he's capable of. I would have liked to see him get a 'onger jail term. He just got a slap cn 
 the wrist and what he has done to all of us is never going to leave us." 
 She said that she gets upset when she hears people accuse the victims of being al' about the 
 money. 
 "It's about getting justice," she said. 'He's acting like he's the victim and he walks away. I 
 couldn't talk about it for a long time I have flashbacks. I thought 't was all my fault for a long 
 tome and that's the way he wanted me to 'eel?' 
 Miami attorneys Adam Horowit and Stuart Mermelstern represent Jane Does No 2 through 
 No. B in federal lawsuits 
 'We're outraged that a regste-ec sex offender has such a short sentence," Horowitz said 
 "They put people in jail for longer periods of time for much lesser offenses. Through his guilty 
 admission he has acknowledged that he's a sex offender Our clients have a life sentence of 
 dealing with his abuse anc he gets a slap on the wrist." 
 West Palm Beach attorney Spencer Kuvin represented Jane Doe No. 1. who has settled her 
 lawsuit. Kuvin said he could not disclose the amount because of a confidentiality agreement. 
 But he did say tat she didn't want to be in the public eye anymore. 
 "She was not happy with the resolution," Kuvin said, "but she wanted 't over. He's got 
 investigators in the civil cases trying to dig up dirt on every one of his accusers. The 
 disgusting thing is that he pleads the fifth on everything that's been asked of him and row he 
 s iiitlyAntlyin*sflikabilitwirv'plicrt2action=cpt&tillt • Jeltrey+Epsteinvreleascd-fro. 
 312.3t2D09 
 %It •0 EC-10-6002 
 MM22-FAX FROM PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 02-000003 
 EFTA00031938
Bureau of Prisons 
 -SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED" 
 Psychology Services 
 Diagnostic and Care Level Formulation 
 Inmate Haire: 
 Date of Birth: 
 EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD 
 01/20/1953 Sex: 
 Date: 07/09/2019 10:13 Provider: 
 Relevant Historical Information 
 Inmate, Epstein is a 66-year-old Caucasian male, currently incarcerated on sex trafficking charges. He denied any 
 history, of mental health treatment, either on an inpatient or outpatient basis. Inmate Epstein denied any trea men/ in the 
 past or present with psychotropic medication. He also denied any acute mental health symptoms at this time. Inmate 
 Epstein denied any past or present suicidal ideation, intention or plan. He denied ever engaging in any suicide attempts 
 or self-injurious behavior in the Past. Inmate Epstein denied any alcohol or substance abuse. He said it is well-known 
 that he does not even drink ol. 
 presenting Problem/Sym 
 as 
 Inmate Epstein was seen 'sk assessment today for precautionary reasons. He did not mark any mental 
 health items or symptoms on hi ology Questionnaire (PSIQ) when he entered the institution. Nonetheless, Inmate 
 Epstein has various risk factors including a high profile case with media attention, sex offense/trafficking 
 charges, pre-trial status, and he had proceeding yesterday which could have given him bad news regarding his 
 legal situation. Inmate Epstein return om court er duty hours yesterday evening and staff notified the on-call 
 psychdlogist. Inmate Epstein was placed on ionary psychological observation status until psychology could 
 interview him this morning to conduct a form. 17,t;e risk assessment to determine whether he is currently at-risk for 
 suicidality. 
 Diagnostic Formulation 
 Reg #: 76318-054 
 Unit Team: h&O 
 Inmate Epstein has no history of mental health proble 
 received inpatient or outpatient mental health treatment 
 exhibieany acute psychopathology, is currently psychologic 
 being classified as a CC1-MH inmate at this time. CARE1-M 
 mental Illness (Axis I "No Diagnosis") or is mildly ill and requires 
 Care Level Formulation 
 s not exhibit suicidality at this time. He ha?; never 
 any history of suicidality. Currently, he does not 
 nd is in no psychological distress. As such, he is 
 of an Inmate who either has no identifiable 
 ention on an as-needed basis. 
 CARE1-MH is indicative of an inmate who shows no significant level of 
 illness and demonstrates no need for regular mental health intervention. 
 Diagnosis; 
 No Diagnosis, No Dx - Current 
 Completed b on 07/09/2019 10:32 
 Generated 0;/09!201910:32 by Bureau of Prisons NYM 
 s
 airment associated with a mental 
 Page 1 of 1 
 EFTA00032181
Bureau of Prisons 
 Health Services 
 See Amendment 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD Reg #: 76318-054 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: M Race: WH;E 
 Encounter Date: 07/09/2019 10:13 Facility: NY 
 Amendment made to this note by a on 07/09/2019 10:40. 
 Bureau of Prisons - NYM 
 EFTA00032182
Bureau of Prisons 
 "SENSMVE BUT L 
 Psychology Services 
 Diagnostic and Care Level Formulation 
 NCLASSIFIED" 
 Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD 
 Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 Sex: 
 Date: 07/09/2019 10:13 Provider: 
 Facility: NYM 
 Reg #: 76318-054 
 Unit Team: A&O 
 Relevant Historical Information 
 Inmate Epstein is a 66-year-old Caucasian male, currently incarcerated on sex trafficking charges. He denied any 
 history of mental health treatment, either on an inpatient or outpatient basis. Inmate Epstein denied any treatment in the 
 past or present with psychotropic medication. He also denied any acute mental health symptoms at this time. Inmate 
 Epstein denied any past or present suicidal ideation, intention or plan. He denied ever engaging in any sui e attempts 
 or self-injurious behavior in the past. Inmate Epstein denied any alcohol or substance abuse. He said it is i-known 
 that he does not even drink alcohol. 
 EresentingProblemlaymatom 
 Inmate Epstein was seen by this writer for suicidelisk assessment today, 7/9/19 at 7:30 a.m. for precautlona reasons. 
 He returned from court yesterday evening. He did not mark any mental health items or symptoms on his Ps chology 
 f Questionnaire (PSIO) when he entered the institution. Nonetheless, Inmate Epstein has various risk factors f r 
 suicidality including a high profile case with media attention, sex offense/trafficking charges, pre-trial status, nd he had 
 a court proceeding yesterday which could have given him bad news regarding his legal situation. Inmate Ep tein 
 returned from court after duty hours yesterday evening and staff notified the on-call psychologist Inmate Epstein was 
 placed on a precautionary psychological observation status until psychology could interview him this momin to conduct 
 a formal suicide risk assessment in order to determine whether he is currently at-risk for suicidality. 
 Diagnostic Formulation 
 Inmate Epstein has no history of mental health problems and does not exhibit suicidality at this time. He has never 
 received inpatient or outpatient mental health treatment and denied any history of suicidality. Currently, he d es not 
 exhibit any acute psychopathology, is currently psychologically stable and Is in no psychological distress. A such. he is 
 being classified as a CC1-MH inmate at this time. CARE1-MH is indicative of an inmate who either has no i entifiable 
 mental illness (Axis I "No Diagnosis") or is mildly ill and requires clinical intervention on an as-needed basis. 
 Care Level Formulation 
 CARE1-MH is indicative of an inmate who shows no significant level of functional impairment associated wi a mental 
 illness and demonstrates no need for regular mental health intervention. 
 Diagnosis: 
 No Diagnosis. No Dx - Current 
 Completed by 
 Generated 07M/201010:40 by 
 on 07/09/2019 10:40 
 Bureau of Prisons NYM Page 1 of 1 
 EFTA00032183
-8)20t1t4 ''.3o 
 1111 ”1 ,0 cicateDCv tc enoti0ndl0cinr ( ofe_04, 
 gin (cect MCC €30P 
 MOC ihrocutin Sruff pegoin 03 - oup 
 OU -0i CorrxiSiC 
 omtx\oloct (4, 
 (v\A Coxoefon Li/vitt) 
 OtarVcai courtottgoi 
 NO 
 "ra-Pr 
 O ( '\Nn 8 kx---egm `J-ZAAL, pnson ?5LicAnotoci nt• 
 toyzar5 
 00(A - ran kittaD5hip ► (Ica(' 
 ialtonAp YIN avn i - in Lour tt trratty\Q-0/1-
 Nc. ONctivN: CM-61-\fl,p - Collor Waoper-- too arc to
 on tL a n3
 prOCtfOM 
 OVO n ocCirvr 41
 , StaR pYAGincl t) , °Az\ aiouye_ catn. , O T-4;w4 
 fm 5 oatvon,b act 1-ant apprtynctkc ctownentarten 
 conx/R -4 cw) 0 S 
 &WAS 
 ctrc 0 5(C cCfrir Got tnuvt clic- co 1\0\Q 
 • ftetoub all Wash WW1 arc, nu,Li Afton pitic, ittAta 
 itaa-S 
 ctA
 rp ( b a&P ign5 off on 
 yfi_Ang mat eax-x-caN win ncnyiat 
 1- 3..72O p 
 t 7 tb4 - ail tnrYlatcS Nti it cvt- IlAtt 
 h taj 
 cc) wcct 
 a) ant thp ran 3 epArem t 
 ah\uNtrX Orae(Sa *lat.! arc. >din tpil Ivl lc( ckaci-s 
 'mil 
 cUs notatatil -to c(r) 1--Oa
 Cart Cod.Q. k (sta)r lticnihban r - Ottflc (-catm\t-5 
 L. tiv\t‘ 1(1\1OC\-C (.0(MVOULa ilvv2/Nroc‘ hit y\ eat am 
 mo\VAlvl 
 eittv\at aeurfc, rtvwsr- to-c. scan tu-c444 vscor--
 (C-Por 5 ittbIt th cto co 00(.4AXtri on 
 gem C) (-O cvit- stotou if miut clibl-cOcotrc —Num 
 EFTA00032184
go -t) ok. noWir-ot‘ 
 en0Cr, }GuttC, itran at 
 vz ), 5-62-n 
 evoit(~f 
 p - pon chnu° 
 Cade, ( can 'etc an -5(-Kcid.s, wckickA (3w) 
 NIAn<4 r‘vvkg «Nan (p(A~ e. evt-ciaring au-g wi qvouvt, 
 Nem -I ivIcti-C la- cm- of a tt ro t) 
 ebt- MOM-5 ()Mar) •Slrin3 
 ti/tUl do mb 2- 5x c(41- bomerat ra GO-e. L. co Pe 
 lul 1K) owno-Irin 
 atan (NiMvl\tvui\I-Cti WIC/iota\ 
 lictnii VP uu9kOn t "Mvux,(c- 3petial 12lanlvA-
 pittl - tb) 
 axUairton -M- c cuoti 60P sitointt Weln:sv\R 
 5kriD peckvonn bout) fvum o 
 cpirvbi - finr otoservorren a tt tlicinr5 
 MAC( cianing Vaet) (1,VInt- CKA' fax-)P5 
 • 
 5 1 ^- ) aeon. vat o(2A-t\tNk.aintw Æ- at) "A.) e Para1 Re.QC<_,2Ot 
 25tICXYAGa CAn SW-Ed 
 b• UJ's al) 
 OXMA1 - 
 ~iyv z)
 te‘“?&A r u-4 wicfrcien ANNt2t1 (irkanina‘ ctozo-/t- weinng 
 I sa6V1 
 zeratt‹sr- u.) k sup. at/ex.-zitokik-z4 ofesta,
 nead nkutininM 
 OMA (\kg,Maa(0(L.Q. 6(124ZW, ea pr(Ar) 
 wk u_mtw.c fictir(va.c. pare4C 
 ak eldk- fØ CA PSEG hat {AL inc»- ra-621‘ 
 tu ~CI hCALIC qØ tv ,SPer\Pcf")) 10(iit GIC-C CAr\‘‘M- nun 
 Nacy, lo kNi-nx.Q -me y.,(4.O1/4_ tAx7t.3pi(u? - cart pcik 
 ouekcx - coon- - 005 prc0akdn'or\am V) IC, (utx\a"- v_WO 
 5vici ?Cfn
 Nki96 1 ( - ~ VU, aoS 
 u10 svicicla).OG‘ cobb.ctb(4&_, no tw4ja-- ccncrabs 
 00‘k - tC bvt canY~ it WWI- (V)y- FtW'"C 
 Wit'v r) Sex ~(4 V1iGlh pn* (A<NLe 4 en141t 
 kl)~10(1~ 
 ckics- k “QtCalr f (-cater clLep-csp-)on otecnt cr-pc0- carnIAr9 
 EFTA00032185
1/2 2 teitecti frpl≤- e-W5-7304int Prtin  
 et auee a bugui otioi-c N Fünh TO0e- 11- 041(AM
 ( Al 
 it t i (i-L114-42 - ütt 011 003 0ur\ el(frA aritti Lue) fhexth hi 
 offearce) Kng dut tO haMtnpi Car1(ernb 
 eaCAAIVC %nie 
 i\Onfibe cP- Mye-
 &dm/cal- - Wancluei Vue.ittel reiftect (un Cv ?) 
 iketr\-t of\ t CE)C,untion i Mil- 1/4CP-tArta 
 C kg. coa) cx C69 (ml a lol- fi) tocn-c 
 `rteAl . %(-5 IA.k.. U-Viet »-Ce 'Mât Ctc-e-u-e u-srec Cirt-n out bai \ 
 • lonow) Vu eXt‘ h.curc. a cet trveye__ 
 ' E aar_et ‘.‘ij2, t-r,têf- wcietect, -t:(4- i\Aten - ft, plantertAef avVad 
 • ancbirs,‘ ere (lt'i? 51/1U 0,00)ffl tv"\eilz cct1 
 ?el/ (1 - tatte GÇV 005.1 ai- a t'if-final tviien,noi '-' 12...nrfctai 
 • -spot" to heNiv‘ Q Ctentif celPi e Lua. flACtu“nal 1.1 ;c6(ienq 
 Vu wed v‘tuor bc 5t4cticies 
 • ()Gien Px:zen al, 
 • Wonfee textt.un (),\ ‘ 
 £-r-C atl. mea-% no..1 i (Axe\ ra) rec 1
 en>) OrliAt 020(15 
 - RiMalk Cie ter te-   Vela Z Coca) 
 poDblbtul OPPIter Oam5 
 po,5y4)\ on Y\*\ Canti2siN5 -r-b. çài‘u LT.  
 c\ül 
 t(e a?-124- Ypci,\\ \001/4f1,not at\--aflei Cette-ni& nn 
 Cal Vie trecxneet Ker \t\LP cc-,it-clett-
 ClAU,SraCe %0 isC Wls V\e-etes WC(e--\ le.(1)(1, niteit 
 5 
 ( \0 PexiOn Cfirmenb t (MutSfir_ek CI-ot 
 \ \01(/ ‘ (8 - aeitywetcoi s1nV cm+_,L,1/4) - ct,K* kft, nfry\ (DIcvtz
 lakb «Wavei csekteruit. 
 ç: not - Ma(115 S\AQ. triffita acoona Marc-5 (»ce_ 
 o t ot canscd 6 vick. Faune wi UPY. nove_ (»I \rot(
 gicuvr 
 roce-tng on Etoor 
 cnivrça 
 ute d'ALI -)t/lon emiu - Gça-t còy- e,55.e)tkhnt 
 Im r telcum.‘mÇ.7 ana. 
 n i
 li\pusvutx__ - 
 Pte o 
 0) CaUX5C0 
 M50 , Ult V)cii Cu1 eivvrt. 
 EFTA00032186
plaiket 
 E ' 4-0A5 Yu, iousny*Ç covvventeet--n• hot/pK/bue 
 C) - ceenutt-c- l'Inca et) ylm 
 Iwo usoectaturvi I noa vice51 (lacet t\kg cUeit9 
 (krdinie_ei ro ((banni_ Wanted h'ourr- core 
 OC, ?blotti vie yv(rn co U). 
 --) liefreittn 
 om 
 Pull 7m) 
 - lialli 
 - ketefift fo cu-ur to ni) ceo 
 tAl Cu, 1 Mec , CP attlael vitiv-% peeepvpuz, i cAAA 
 let»,5 eleu4ong u.)1 tee_a_1(Leett nt fret etueepenci 
 tek, tipi 5flonnot 
 - Gkitettel »ana) 5iiicif dal t reen-col vanet uni/lopin-1 tai 
 tee, sitvatnt on ner tocit iasl- nicenr i ?An ni i ugiceinci 
 Ne / 1q t lot)y,triq pie vit-toyAkeu ettatx4-3, Ceel 1,1>l1-) 
 g
 -
 1 1 )0Y- - ce S.V), I irr_.pfea. *LW. 1-0 Vaten - 06, 
 RoW5 to nerc CterlAQ-5 c‘r)( ilifeen.ql.) oit d0cauxibn 
 PO\ -- cmg cmern- or\ .2> int4p0111R31) 
 b oc-casing icUicr ta pictc4 12arn ticte.,3. 
 E onetoWtriel_ 
 E attome45 Uuci( untattra puicnouvtoi uokÅng oti\ cptrucin 
 on h13 ffiiincbot- cf (ii(Xialotfttt4 
 )1(4 7 ; - ) - Q5LICin GOYAUCtin'a- eataet - Ôt6O-C, 1-pK 
 - E --sx\\1Seoi - .` iircAckffl.g. (2 ecce.» - gela. pit-itc-) 
 a u, Was locteettd fizir b•c.tne cte, *anrce btl 
 ildro e ft 
 t
 rym- - 5 crowItel an .%atp int\exibe. BIR Cil gaie_ 
 %/NAbey\ ut.) 
 cont - Vneet w I Cet tries ferenpIntnr 
 Lnote‘fr., CL‘ik are- tniCtx-\%- -10 go soCa_. 1-0 \\,vvn% e&t,\ \ l'ize 
 • Occ„ici.‘ wani- 'st cp verdir._ Tb \-y.J 
 O (Lei- an ()sien 005 --e\ce anuicenq cu,ratio. 
 , ,LA,(,‘ vu- LkvA,-- -rt). ?fez. n'un\ °Acte . E- Keescok -tvv)t-
 oriperi - CoeltlYWr.., (Apt Cenea.t(\r3 t may,50 i cpte 
 "kel‘\ clo-cibt*.% 6tv\e,v,e,C (3C x\A CierPcr\%) &ode vticeuvr\ar 
 021Aera 1 / 4 a Cn ?)c-tr\ct kw, -nmet j ac-c — 
 ty) atues 4 tiy\i\5 
 g\ e- e, 0,ciatA.,-)1- kw\b‘n criu(cge e> conNek ivscide 
 EFTA00032187
5 Qt.\
 y.41 
 • 
 C s4i,ot 'AL atin-k l(Ce (r4(1 ofinct otateik lknnt Ink(\WE 
 • E )(IAA inn kdol cam-kpir-Ia‘‘) 
 AM "Li - DC, 2~4 hytn plen 
 tsok Nark atYxgcr Glf•nr(Cli') -Arm 
 at\aws ØU' reAuNn9 sny t7 (c 144, a/crnk wocm viaid frte 
 Ivr rim wtener-
 00ciry c-61711 oitt`othx vyktic amuors-5 c( ro iffrterc. 
 tkr/d) CtS-xUAt-. 4Erai 
 f ---ilffig - sotvw2 thing 
 mutt aM2iCaQe dneta M (2)1(.1 x Prou'CLot wrinetax t-t. 
 , cp Ø_1'd vw}->\nq
 No 'bi`ons \i'\ (colv-)oov- sxywno‘. WiCioldAikti 1 pow-PcApotn,ng 
 ir L(.0.(a1 imaLnrY4s 
 kitt no ere fre,nn E atiunem3 
 '11"/°1 -  cas E 
 .0(Grt-tn ce,,fr)~(9., n to n3/4 pwpn 003 
 ..----- cadvrottrx-
 NianaVi 5tActØ )(-e,u-cnri•ov-) -13r, Now) 
 & t p — gar ‘ruc)tu-
 cet uLil OVIAKVAtceb'bUC. 
 • 
 - 71Z5 tr~:\ 
 if - CP 
 • 01/4Åkbitrig ‘,h A0)-t paot Tvutna fio Tc/r 1-leitnet 
 oid\- C/9P.P Cu/Non car,t) 
 . 
 no\ rectam, to plau v\i,‘m \in svrx) 
 <lan es)
 0,41\, ,\\ --cd, 00.~ CP/r\ ~1,ng CA,nr.Å. (-)Get-Nr In a) 
 C'Pl e iP\ StIV L01 CAW) Prattrin 
 S E 
 ~1st St-ri) 
 - to \1V nut clew( Erneu \ 
 D e. utviA \vv\
 pcm-r,vi\-r S1-ttl \n~vit, v-\atre. 02/(1~ 
 Vt? Ncacvrian 
 i\Vg' \C\ 
 pr\\;aa,/ 
 Ck(SX - CcAtt\tC\ 
 &P% t CtWEC-- 
 4R-Uititci 
 - \ - 09«\VRC\ Gi\ @OWL took)Cts(\i-- (NA, to 31,1V 
 ON1W1,16-s cx WANC sucAckt. rarcn 
 -• 
 EFTA00032188
* 
 t ckag> a,1/1/ ootavotti cAin 
 IMME6Vol 'lot- Mut conu-n5ancn 
 ctrztak mmitAtnoi E realkA wanv_a sonict 
 c-6b /n 
 - 061 Lb tinaitd 91oW CIALMAR, poi 'Arc to twtninq, 
 ant mule\ Comttumity (p)tion) codiunocino) -rt/te,w‘ 
 wa,Th sill\ a clitimakre lcvoe_A al 6 docir. 
 geunds act. (Mitt/117OP TO an tnnivtrte es aloAse 
 Va116 , 5 adwareiv-gb3 
 ant k, 1150 by ofFccer5 bl cr -3Y\c5 Sc•Tri-cc 
 woil}t %(--tt Vim' b tc, (Ricer) Mtn cehatilk-cw
 ( ceatimarvr-et and rfctkAarkii Apo what "eut, 
 Vlefit0k (DcY1dJ CtreAk CeiMPACA C nt'OUnt 
 (0a\ - Aug H aSctri-t 14104-1 
 t wot4d Ina-ve Wm. a rca kingr vu walot vicAcc_ 
 vlatka crl ()ma-) 06s. 
 ekttult , 0 ctiotn't tat 175440n atuvt -cm 
 C -cat atit,01024 - Complaints abotir viarce, IY\aM,rt3 
 lAn a ervcctia-
 kict 3 - 5L1U Raring -5'2cDRQr\ th syLte,c3. uffir..4144\ T0NI", ‘Crer5 3
 attrAtilit 
 acoCC-i cans- ne,uxo.,( kook- E. 
 IMa
 ivsriot stly lituneLcsTo ≥esQ-e -mot c.eitivinatit 
 oiN otiat,r• \ctn.- (A-bibuz. prooLemy goat 
 bPiitts 
 c -a -- oink ccast ck,y4.eel loco 
 iepUnCa GtVcnot extioncmc 
 abiting -
 to 
 °tor du- Crl ock:\\ 
 th 0% 1 :k s0gicick coxwarA axANA, wacctee okidOt vcorst-
 1c, Ile wart cet 179 to ry.AAL Cet\oncittc, 
 'OC.N\ na.77V-Jur-te- otorvz. tv otkturNitA cottff,A RAF cm 
 Mme r Qthranr) I innAo*c 
 EFTA00032189
(Pr 
 ctoi.&C att(nme itindvnrctenci 
 3 tivcxcuz, cuw"-bbimaar--) unkbuott 
 tom judoA craw 
 EFTA00032190
"A man with unlimited wealth can Ili
 i
 re people to follow her, dig into every crevice of her 
 personal life and re-victimize her al) over aoain. A convicted pedophile released on the 
 streets? This would never, ever happen if this was someone of normal or lesser financial 
 means. He absolutely got special tratment because he's wealthy." 
 Conditions of Jeffrey Epstein's tine-year probation: 
 *Must register as a sex offender, 
 • Will not be electronically monitored. 
 " Shall have no unsupervised conduct with minors, and the supervising adult must be 
 approved by the Department of Corrections. 
 Shalt submit to a mandatory curfew from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. 
 • Shall not live within 1,000 feet of a school, day care center, park, playground or other place 
 where children regularly congregate. 
 * Shall not have any contact with tne victims directly or indirectly, including through a third 
 person. 
 ' Shall not view, own or posses obscene, pornographic or sexually stimulating visual or 
 auditory material. 
 * Shall not work or volunteer in any school, day care center, park, playground or other place 
 where children regularly congregate. 
 • Shall meet with probation officer minimum of once a week. 
 • Shall submit to a warrantless sOrch by probation officer of person, residence or vehicle. 
 Source: Court file 
 Find this article et: 
 Itlko:ffinsnv.palmbeachdallynews.comlnewstontoltInewat2039107521/wiskepstein072109.html 
 Check the box to include the flat of inks refecenced ki the article. 
 sit18:114.rtgrioRiistc4eabilitiomip4cpt?acrion-cptettitic=JelTrey+Epsrein Freieasecl+fro... 
 :0
 7;13/9009 
 0Z 1. EZ-2.0-600Z 
 MM22-FAX FROM PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT 02-000004 
 EFTA00031939
PDS-BEMR SUICIDE RISK ASSESSMENT GUIDE — Version 3 
 Key Principles to Consider When Conducting Suicide Risk Assessment (adapted from Granello, 2011): 
 - Risk or Protective Factor Absent 0 Risk or Protective *tor Not Assessed 
 Mental Status Exam: In PDS you will be required to select a value for each of the areas below. You can make additional comments. 
 O Level of Consciousness 
 O Mood 
 O Psychomotor Activity O General Appearance 
 O Thought Process O Thought Content 
 In PDS you will be required to select a value for each of the 
 + - 0 STATIC FACTORS 
 OOO Chronic Medical Condition 
 OOO Family Hx of Suicide 
 000 High Profile Crime 
 OOO Hx of Childhood Abuse 
 000 
 Hx of Psychiatric Hospitalization 
 000 History of Mental Illness 
 000 
 Past Suicide Attempt 
 OOO History of Violent Behavior 
 000 
 Lack of Family Connections 
 OOO Sex Offender Status 
 + - 0 DYNAMIC FACTORS 
 risk/dynamic/protective 
 000 
 Agitation 
 000 Current Intoxication 
 000 Current Physical Pain 
 000 Current Suicidal Ideation 
 000 Current Suicidal Intent 
 000 Current Suicidal Plan 
 000 Fear for Own Safety 
 000 
 Feeling Hopeless/Helpless 
 000 Feels Like a Burden 
 000 
 Non -Adherence to Medical Tx 
 000 
 Problem Solving Deficits 
 000 Recent Significant Loss 
 000 
 Sleeps Problems 
 000 Social Isolation 
 OOO Uncontrolled Mental Health Issues 
 O Behavior 
 factors below: 
 + - 0 PROTECTIVE FACTORS 
 OOO Able to Identify Reasons to Live 
 000 
 Adequate Problem Solving Skills 
 000 Denial of Suicidal Ideation 
 OOO Future Orientation 
 O00 Religious Beliefs Against Suicide 
 OOO Social Support in the Institution 
 O00 Supportive Family Relationships 
 OOO View of Death as Negative 
 000 
 Willingness to Engage in Tx 
 Additional validated risk factors that may be relevant: Sentence >20 years; Self-harm in past month; Dual Diagnosis; 
 Male Gender; History of Self-Injurious Behavior; Chronic/Uncontrolled Pain; No Spouse (Single, Divorced, Widowed) 
 EFTA00032191
Suicide Risk Assessment in PDS-BEMR 
 Classification of Suicide Related Behaviors 
 Suicide Related Communication: 
 Any verbal or non-verbal interpersonal communication of thoughts, 
 wishes, or intent for suicide that does NOT produce self-injury. 
 Actions do not produce self-injury, although they have that intent. 
 Examples may include 
 - placing a noose around one's neck in the presence of staff: 
 - writing a letter that states. "the world would be better without me': 
 - stating, "I'm going to kill myself." 
 Suicide Related Behavior: 
 A self-inflicted, potentially injurious behavior for which there is 
 evidence that the person either (a) wished to use the appearance 
 of a suicide attempt to attain some other end. or (b) intended. to 
 some degree. to kill him/herself. 
 Yes No Undetermined 
 Suicide Attempt: 
 A non-fatal self-directed potentially injurious behavior with any intent to die as a result of the behavior. A suicide 
 attempt may or may not result in injury. 
 Non -Suicidal Self Directed Violence: 
 If there is no evidence, whether implicit or explicit, of suicidal intent it is not an attempt, it is 
 This is 
 your judgment and includes inmate self-report. Look at the big picture and account for other data that corroborates or 
 contradicts self-report. This is a distinction that the executive staff and/or the IDO need to have made for them. 
 Yes or No 
 Medical interventions are not an injury, but are undertaken to avoid or address an injury. 
 Lethality Assessment 
 Asphyxiation - Hanging 
 Asphyxiation - Other 
 Cutting 
 Fire 
 Ingestion - Prescription Medication 
 Ingestion - Non-Prescription Medication 
 Ingestion - Other 
 Jumping 
 Other 
 Most of these are self-explanatory. Ingestion — Other is appropriate for swallowing razors and other foreign objects. 
 EFTA00032192
Low Lethality: 
 - Death is impossible or highly improbable. 
 - The individual may receive medical attention. Out it is not required for survival. 
 - Frequently. the act is done in a public setting. or is reported by the individual to ensure detection and assistance. 
 - Examples placed noose loosely around neck and did not attach the other end to another object: swallowed 10 Tylenol pills in front 
 of staff; scratches or superficial cuts on neck or wrist. 
 Moderate Lethality: 
 - Death is a possible. but not highly probably, outcome of the act, in the opinion of the average person. 
 - Opportunity for detection and intervention was not certain. 
 - Medical or crisis intervention may be required to reduce the risk of death (e.g.. pumping stomach. suturing cuts). 
 - Examples: swallowed 30 Tylenol cut neck and lost significant blood: placed ligature around neck and applied pressure. 
 High Lethality: 
 • Death is the probable outcome, although immediate and vigorous medical attention may reduce the risk. 
 - The individual took measures to avoid detection and intervention. or the method was so lethal that intervention was not likely to 
 prevent death. 
 - Examples: placed ligature around neck and lost consciousness: attempted to hang self. but stopped when cellmate awoke; took a 
 potentially lethal overdose and did not alert staff. 
 Examples of Protective Factors (Sanchez, 2001; United States Public Health Service, 1999) 
 • Strong connections to family and community support 
 • Sense of belonging, sense of identity, and good self-esteem 
 • Identification of future goals 
 • Support through ongoing medical and mental health care relationships 
 • Easy access to a variety of clinical interventions and support for help seeking 
 cannot be simply compared on a one to one b 
 jive cation 
 • Skills in problem solving, coping and conflict resolution 
 • Cultural, spiritual, and religious connections and beliefs 
 • Constructive use of leisure time (enjoyable activities) 
 • Effective clinical care for mental, physical and substance use disorders 
 • Restricted access to highly lethal means of suicide 
 fact 
 factors. 
 Low Acute Risk 
 Suicidal ideation is absent or is of limited frequency, intensity. duration and specificity. There are NO identifiable plans and NO associated intent. 
 There is good self-control based on both self-report and objective assessment. There may be mild symptomatology and morbid rumination may 
 be present. Few risk factors are present and protective factors are identified, including available and accessible social support. 
 Moderate Acute Risk 
 Suicidal ideation is frequent with limited intensity and duration. Suicidal plans have some specificity, but NO associated intent. There is good self-
 control. limited to moderate symptomatology. some risk factors are present. and protective factors are identified, including available and accessible 
 social support. Denial of ideation and intent may be present. if objective markers. such as suicide threats to others and agitation, contradict the 
 self -report 
 High Acute Risk 
 Frequent. intense, and enduring suicidal ideation. specific plans. Many risk factors are identified. Objective markers of risk are present (e.g.. 
 lethal method, rehearsal behaviors. saying "goodbye•): self-report of subjective intent may or may not be present. There is evidence of impaired 
 self-control. severe symptomatology. multiple risk factors are present. and few. if any protective factors. 
 Present - Chronic Rick is present when there is a history of two or more suicide attempts 
 Absent - Chronic Risk is absent when there is a history of one or zero suicide attempts. 
 Note: Self-ham behaviors are not counted as suicide attempts. 
 EFTA00032193
Recommendations:
 If suicide risk is present, consider recommending the following 
 interventions: 
 - Suicide Watch 
 • Brief Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Suicide 
 - Positive Reinforcement 
 - Safety Plan 
 - Psychiatric Referral 
 - Reasons for Living Card 
 - CBT/DBT Skills Training Groups 
 - Coping Cards 
 - Recommendation for Double Cell 
 - Psychology Alert Code 
 - Change Care Level (UPDATE Diagnostic and Care Level Formulation) 
 - Property Restriction (If Returning to Restricted Housing) 
 - Suicide Risk Management Plan 
 - Consult with Unit Team 
 - Assign a Mental Health Cadre 
 - A suicide watch is not warranted at this time 
 - A suicide watch is to be initiated immediately 
 - A suicide watch was initiated by non-clinical staff and continues to be warranted 
 - A suicide watch was initiated by non-clinical staff and is no longer warranted 
 EFTA00032194
Date_ 4.  Notes 
 EFTA00032195
The Suicidal Mode 
 Predispositions to Suicide 
 Genetic & biological factors 
 Family history of suicide 
 Abuse or other trauma history 
 Impulsivity 
 Aggression 
 Previous suicidal behaviors 
 p
 sychiatric history 
 Behaviors 
 I
 '
 Substance abuse 
 Self -harm 
 i Preparing for death 
 Practicing / rehearsing suicide 
 Suicide threats 
 Poor expression of emotion 
 --0 /
 Social withdrawal 
 /Trigger (Perceived Loss) 
 Relationship problems 
 Financial stress 
 Onset of illness 
 Legal problems 
 Traumatic events 
 Recent loss of a significant other 
 \Zher major life changes 
 ,
 Hopelessness 
 .. 
 , Perceived burdensomeness 
 Isolation / loneliness 
 Reasons for living 
 Reasons for dying 
 Impaired problem solving 
 Thoughts 
 Physiology 
 Agitation 
 Sleep disturbance 
 Concentration problems 
 Physical pain 
 Emotions 
 Shame or guilt t_._
 Anger 
 Anxiety or panic 
 Depression 
 . 
 . 
 1 
 EFTA00032196
The Suicidal Mode 
 Predispositions to Suicide 
 K J 
 Behaviors 
 a'
 I 
 im> 
 Trigger (Perceived Loss) 
 m 
 K J 
 C -.. 
 Thoughts 
 K J 
 Suicidality 
 Physiology 
 i 
 10 
 EFTA00032197
PDS-BEMR POST SUICIDE WATCH REPORT GUIDE 
 Watch End Date: Watch End Time: AM/PM 
 Watch Conducted By: 
 Both Inmates & Staff 
 Inmate 
 Staff 
 Transferred to a Medical Center: No/Yes 
 Mental Status Exam: in PDS you will be required to select a value for each of the areas below. Elaborate below. 
 Level of Consciousness O Psychomotor Activity 
 O Mood O Thought Process 
 General Appearance O Behavior 
 Thought Content 
 Na rrativel for Risk Factors Assessed: 
 EFTA00032198
- Risk or Protective Factor Absent 0 Risk or Protective ratniVinBia 
 Mental Status Exam: in PDS you will be required to select a value for each of the areas below. You can make additional comments. 
 0 Level of Consciousness 
 0 Mood 
 0 Psychomotor Activity C General Appearance 
 0 Thought Process 
 0 
 Thought Content 
 In PDS you will be required to select a value for each of the 
 + - 0 STATIC FACTORS 
 000 Chronic Medical Condition 
 000 Family Hx of Suicide 
 000 High Profile Crime 
 000 Hx of Childhood Abuse 
 000 Mx of 
 Psychiatric Hospitalization 
 000 History of Mental Illness 
 000 Past Suicide Attempt 
 000 History 
 of Violent Behavior 
 000 Lack of Family Connections 
 000 Sex Offender Status 
 + - 0 DYNAMIC FACTORS 
 risk/dynamic/protective 
 000 Agitation 
 000 Current Intoxication 
 000 Current Physical Pain 
 000 Current Suicidal Ideation 
 000 Current Suicidal Intent 
 000 Current Suicidal Plan 
 000 Fear for Own Safety 
 000 Feeling Hopeless/Helpless 
 000 Feels Like a Burden 
 000 
 Non -Adherence to Medical Tx 
 000 
 Problem Solving Deficits 
 000 Recent Significant Loss 
 000 Sleeps Problems 
 000 Social Isolation 
 000 Uncontrolled Mental Health Issues 
 0 Behavior 
 actors below: 
 + - 0 PROTECTIVE FACTORS 
 000Able to Identify Reasons to Live 
 000Adequate Problem Solving Skills 
 000 Denial of Suicidal Ideation 
 000 Future Orientation 
 000 
 Religious Beliefs Against Suicide 
 000 Social Support in the Institution 
 000 
 Supportive Family Relationships 
 000 View of Death as Negative 
 000 
 Willingness to Engage in Tx 
 Additional validated risk factors that may be relevant: Sentence >20 years; Self-harm in past month; Dual Diagnosis; 
 Male Gender; History of Self-Injurious Behavior; Chronic/Uncontrolled Pain; No Spouse (Single, Divorced, Widowed) 
 EFTA00032199
Low Acute Risk 
 Suicidal ideation is absent or is of limited frequency, intensity, duration and specificity. There are NO identifiable plans and 
 NO associated intent. There is good self-control based on both self-report and objective assessment. There may be mild 
 symptomatology and morbid rumination may be present. Few risk factors are present and protective factors are identified, 
 including available and accessible social support. 
 Moderate Acute Risk 
 Suicidal ideation is frequent with limited intensity and duration. Suicidal plans have some specificity, but NO associated 
 intent. There is good self-control. limited to moderate symptomatology. some risk factors are present, and protective factors 
 are identified, including available and accessible social support. Denial of ideation and intent may be present. if objective 
 markers, such as suicide threats to others and agitation, contradict the self-report. 
 High Acute Risk 
 Frequent, intense, and enduring suicidal ideation, specific plant Many risk factors are identified. Objective markers of risk 
 are present (e.g., lethal method, rehearsal behaviors, saying 'goodbye"): self-report of subjective intent may or may not be 
 present. There is evidence of impaired self-control, severe symptomatology. multiple risk factors are present, and few, if 
 any protective factors. 
 Present 
 Chronic Risk is present when there is a history of two or more suicide 
 attempts 
 Absent 
 Chronic Risk is absent when there is a history of one or zero suicide attempts. 
 Reason for referral: 
 Change in risk factors: 
 Reason for removal from watch: 
 b 
 Diagnosis: 
 Recommendations: 
 EFTA00032200
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: relativity access 
 Date: Wed, 17 Mar 2021 17:30:17 +0000 
 Attachments: Rules_of Behavior_for_General_users_Oct2020 JAR).pdf 
 Hey 
 Sure thing, form attached. 
 'l in hanks 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 12:45 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: relativity access 
 Hello -
 Can you please sign the attached form and send it back to me so I can get you access to Relativity. 
 Thank you. 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 12:24 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: relativity access 
 Hi 
 Would it be possible to please give access to the US v Epstein and US v Epstein (SW Returns) databases 
 on Relativity? 
 Thanks, 
 EFTA00031940
Date Progress Notes 
 Thinks to Christopher Bush & Scott Forbes In the development of this guide 
 Version 3 
 EFTA00032201
From: " )" < 
 To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks(asondeeracine.corn> 
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Date: Wed, 08 Apr 2020 17:46:01 +0000 
 Hi Jeff, 
 No, I don't think you responded. Totally understandable given everything that has gone on in the last month. I'd still be 
 grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
 Hope you are also staying safe and healthy. 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 l St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 212-637-2324 
 From: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com> 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 8, 2020 1:20 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Hi 
 Did we ever respond to you on this question? Things have gotten so complicated that I can't remember or determine. 
 Hope you are staying safe and healthy. 
 Thanks, 
 Jeff 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocks@sondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are 
 not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 EFTA00032202
From: " 
 11 
 Date: Sunday, March 8, 2020 at 3:04 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>, "Donnini, George B." <donnini@butzel.com>
 Cc: ' 
 II 
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Jeff and George, 
 II 
 Thank you both very much for your assistance in response to our subpoenas seeking records from Interlochen. In 
 reviewing the documents you produced in response to the attached subpoena, a follow-up question arose. Would you 
 please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) made for 
 any students at Interlochen? 
 Our team is also happy to discuss this inquiry over the phone if that would be useful. I am starting a trial tomorrow and 
 will have limited availability this week, but my colleagues and (both cc'd) should be able to 
 coordinate with you as needed. 
 Best, 
 Maurene 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 l St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 212-637-2324 
 From: Jeff Jocks <jjocksPsondeeracine.com>
 Sent: Thursday, February 6, 2020 2:46 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Maurene — 
 Receipt confirmed. 
 Thanks, 
 Jeff 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocks@sondeeracine.com 
 >; 
 < 
 EFTA00032203
www.sondeeracine.com 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are 
 not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: " 
 Date: Thursday, February 6, 2020 at 1:51 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>
 Cc: ' 
 " 
 Subject: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Jeff, 
 As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein and 
 Ghislaine Maxwell. Per our conversation, we understand that Interlochen will keep this request confidential. 
 Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
 Best, 
 Maurene 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 212-637-2324 
 EFTA00032204
From: ' 
 To: ' )" <I 
 Subject: RE: Discovery questions 
 Date: Wed, 19 Aug 2020 22:34:33 +0000 
 Yep, it looks like we have all of the trash pulls—I think they did the organizational structure you asked for when they gave 
 it to us back in September. 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, August 19, 2020 2:33 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: FW: Discovery questions 
 For the scans, let me know if you're seeing things like trash pulls in the scans they sent you. It should be more than just 
 phone message pads. If it's not in there, let's take up on the offer to request another copy from them. 
 From: (NY) (FBI) 
 Sent: Wednesday, August 19, 2020 2:21 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Discovery questions 
 Hey all, below is a summary of the discovery items you've requested. 
 (USANYS) 
 Message Pad Scans: The message pads were scanned with the post it notes on them and the very next page is the page 
 without the post it note, so the pages are back to back. 
 Papers from Miami case file (grand jury testimony): This is a disk — I can copy it and send it over to you. 
 Evidence scans: Are you referring to the scans from the FL file? We sent those over with the original message pad scans 
 last year. If you need that again, let us know and we can get another copy over to you. As far as paper evidence from the 
 NY and VI searches, and the paper provided by Reiter, we can get that over to you by the end of the week. 
 FBI file: We have that ready for you. 
 CART: There are no 302s regarding the extraction of devices. 
 Evidence from disks: This is a large volume and we've been working on this and removing nude/semi nude images. This is 
 the only thing that would be difficult to complete by Friday. If we could have a little more time to pull this together, that 
 would be very helpful. 
 If it's helpful to talk through some of this via phone, we are happy to do that as well. 
 FBI New York Field Office 
 Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking 
 C: 917-692-0853 
 EFTA00032205
From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, August 18, 2020 6:41 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: . (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL) - RE: Discovery questions 
 Thanks so much, MI. Really appreciate all the work you and are putting in on this. Let's touch base tomorrow to 
 figure out the timeline for the discovery issues. 
 From: < > 
 Sent: Tuesday, August 18, 2020 6:40 PM 
 To: ) >; 
 1  > 
 Cc: (NY) (FBI) <>; ) A ; 
 (USANYS) > 
 Subject: Re: Discovery questions 
 Hey guys, 
 Apologies but today I was out In the field on surveillance and was also out of the office so we've not 
 been able to connect on these discovery questions. We will be back in the office tomorrow and will dive into 
 this as best we can. We have several calls tomorrow, one of which is with Tony Figuero but well do our best to 
 get on this list. That being said I don't want to make you any promises that everything will be compiled by 
 tomorrow and that we will have an answer to all of your questions but we can jump on a call tomorrow if you 
 like to square some of this away. 
 I did receive your "pages from Miami_case_docs" PDF. 
 Detective 
 NYPD / FBI 
 Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force 
 Office: 
 Cell: 
 Fax: 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, August 18, 2020 6:03 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: . (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 EFTA00032206
(USANYS) < 
 Subject: RE: Discovery questions 
 Hi and 
 Sorry to pester, but would you be able to let us know whether it is realistic to expect that you'll be able to get us these 
 materials tomorrow or Thursday? 
 Thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, August 18, 2020 4:41 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: . (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 tz >; 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Discovery questions 
 Hi and 
 The drive you provided us has some scans on it (looks like they're scans of the message pads). As I recall, there was a 
 larger scanning project, during which the FBI scanned all of the paper that was vouchered in evidence. Are you able to 
 provide us with all of those scans this week? 
 With respect to the message pads in particular, I think you mentioned that they were scanned both with post-it notes on 
 them and also without the post-it notes. The version on this drive just looks like it has the post-it note scans. 
 Thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, August 18, 2020 4:45 AM 
 To: 
 Cc: . (NY) (FBI) <IMM>: 
 >; 
 Subject: RE: Discovery questions 
 < 
 (USANYS) 
 Sorry, got a bounceback for too. I'm just attaching the one page I referenced in my email below. Hopefully that 
 will go through. 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, August 18, 2020 4:40 AM 
 To:' 
 Cc: . (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 >; 
 Subject: FW: Discovery questions 
 < 
 (USANYS) 
 I got a bounceback from your account for the below email because the attachment was too big. Hopefully it went 
 through for so she can see it. If not, please let me know. 
 EFTA00032207
Thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, August 18, 2020 4:33 AM 
 To: >; (NY) (FBI) •(> 
 Cc: 
 < >; 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: Discovery questions 
 and M, 
 Thanks so much for your help with the Maxwell discovery so far. I have some follow-up questions about the most recent 
 batch you provided, and wanted to check in on the longer term tasks we discussed last month. 
 Below are some questions regarding the discovery dropped off a few days ago with requests for additional items: 
 • The last page of the attached appears to be a photograph of a disc. The label on the disc seems to suggest it 
 contains grand jury transcripts. Have you given us those transcripts? 
 • The message pad scans you provided still have post-it notes on top of several of the message pad pages. I think 
 mentioned that each pad had been scanned twice, but I'm only seeing one copy of each pad—and those 
 copies all of post-its on them. That's true of nearly every "Notebook" pdf you provided in the "Message pad 
 scans" folder. Would you please get us a scans of these without post-its on them? 
 • It looks like we're still missing SW returns for the 20 mag 6719 warrant and for the NH premises warrant. Would 
 you please get us copies of those returns? 
 Following up on our conversation last month, I think we're still waiting on the below items from you guys. Would you 
 please be able to get us these this week? 
 • Full FBI sentinel file 
 • CART paperwork regarding the extraction of data from all devices seized during the investigation 
 • All 302s regarding the extraction of data from any seized devices and the review of images (both digital and hard 
 copy) seized during the investigation, including from Epstein's properties. 
 • Scans of the files Reiter provided to the FBI and provide us with all of those scanned materials 
 • Scans of all hard copy documents, including photos, in the possession of the FBI that have not yet been scanned, 
 including anything seized during any searches. Please produce to SDNY all of those scans, except any nude or 
 partially nude images. For nude or partially nude images, please provide us with a log detailing how many such 
 images were scanned, where they were from, and where they are being stored. 
 • Copies of the contents of all the discs that were seized and searched pursuant to search warrants to a platform 
 for review. Then please produce to SDNY a copy all of those materials, except any nude or partially nude images. 
 For nude or partially nude images, please provide us with a log detailing how many such images were located, 
 where they were from, and where they are being stored. 
 Please let me know if you have any questions or if it would be useful to hop on a call. 
 Thanks very much, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 212-637-2324 
 EFTA00032208
Empty content found in page 298
From: "spamcontrol®usdoj.gov" <spamcontrol®usdoj.gov> 
 To: 
 Subject: End User Digest: 1 New Message 
 Date: Mon, 24 Aug 2020 10:13:22 +0000 
 Inline-Images: logo.jpeg 
 DEPARTMENT, JUSTICE 
 End User Digest: 1 New Message 
 For 
 The emails listed below have been placed in your personal Quarantine since you received your last End User Digest. They will 
 be deleted after 14 days. To deliver an e-mail to your inbox, click on Release. To deliver an e-mail to your inbox and add the e-
 mail sender to your Safe Senders List, click on Release and Allow Sender. This ensures that no emails from that sender will be 
 blocked in the future. To report messages that are not spam but are reported in the digest, click on Not Spam. 
 Request New End User Digest Request Safe/Blocked Senders List Manage My Account Questions about digesting?
 The emails listed in this section have been placed in your personal Quarantine. Click Release to deliver the email to your inbox. 
 To continue to receive future emails from the sender, click Allow Sender. To report messages that are not spam but are included 
 in the Spam - Quarantined section, click Not Spam. 
 Spam - Quarantined 
 Score I From 
 100 srs0=qxsfmx=cb 
 I Su klect I Date *non 
 Epstein's 2020- Releas.
 Clinton 15:04:00 
 Buddy 08-23 and 
 Release Vow 
 Spam 
 Sender 
 For more information contact your System Administrator. 
 Powered by Prootical Protection Server 
 EFTA00032210
From: (USANYS)" gzi 
 To: MIINIIra,c.ia,
 Subject: FW: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
 Date: Tue, 16 Mar 2021 20:21:06 +0000 
 Attachments: Epstein_box_inventory_8-21-2020.pdf 
 From 
 Sent: 
 To: 
 Cc 
 [Contractor] 
 USANYS 
 Subject: RE: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
 HellcM 
 (USANYS) 
 >; 
 I can do a call this afternoon. Any time between 2:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. is best. Alternatively, I am available tomorrow 
 during the same time period. Let me know which time is more convenient for you and your team. If these times don't 
 work, let me know and we will work out an alternate time. 
 In the meantime, we have all the materials in a secure room on our second floor in West Palm Beach. There are the case 
 files and also boxes of files that were gathered for the OPR inquiry. We have an inventory of our materials and also OPR 
 has their own inventory of the materials. 
 When OPR was here earlier, we had a scanner on that floor dedicated for their exclusive use. They were able to scan the 
 documents that they wanted and have those documents sent directly to their own DOJ accounts. I was overseas at the 
 time on detail, but I was told that this worked rather well. 
 A copy of our inventory is attached. 
 I look forward to assisting you in this matter. 
 Best regards, 
 Managing Assistant United States Attorney 
 West Palm Beach Regional Office — SDFL 
 From: (USANYS)  
 Sent: Tuesday, August 25, 2020 9:00 AM 
 EFTA00031914
From: "  
 c 
 To: ' (USANYS)" 
 Cc: )" 
 C 
 Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/FOIA matters 
 Date: Wed, 17 Mar 2021 18:26:54 +0000 
 (USANYS)" 
 Hi=, 
 Thanks very much for checking, that's helpful, and glad to know it's just those two cases. 
 Best, 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 1:12 PM 
 To: 1
 s c . : * 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/FM matters 
 C 
 (USANYS) 
 It appears that we only have 2 FOIA cases on Epstein— NY Times case before Judge Engelmayer and 
 Radar Online case before Judge Gardephe, 17 Civ. 3956 (PGG). 
 Please let me know if I can help in any way. 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 16, 2021 6:09 PM 
 To: (USANYS) •c=, 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein/FOIA matters 
 Hi=, 
 Just following up to see if you found out anything from the civil clerks. Thanks for your help with this. 
 Best, 
 On Mar 12, 2021, at 11:22 AM, <> wrote: 
 Thanks, Much appreciated. 
 EFTA00031941
Front: '  
 „c l 
 To: , ' 
 Cc: (USANYS)"  
 Subject: RE: Epstein Victims 
 Date: Mon, 24 Aug 2020 21:52:27 +0000 
 Thanks very much, I believe this is related to a meeting that OPR is planning to invite all known Epstein victims to 
 in order to announce the results of OPR's investigation into SDFL's non-prosecution agreement with Epstein. 
 From 
 Sent: Monday, August 24, 2020 4:36 PM 
 To: 
 c =s 
 Subject: FW: Epstein Victims 
 Just wanted to let you know about this invite. 
 From 
 Sent: Monday, August 24, 2020 4:12 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: Epstein Victims 
 I obtained your name and contact information fro He advised you are the V/W 
 Coordinator working with the Epstein victims. Are you available for a telephone call tomorrow afternoon 
 with myself, ? The call is scheduled from 3:30-4:30 p.m. If you are 
 available, I will send a calendar invite. 
 Thanks, 
 Associate Deputy Attorney General & 
 National Coordinator for Child Exploitation & Human Trafficking 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 EFTA00032211
From: " 
 I < ) * 
 To: " 
 " ‹> 
 Subject: Voice Message Attached from 2103718899 - USAA 
 Date: Mon, 31 Aug 2020 20:05:37 +0000 
 Attachments: 2103718899_20200831_160537.wav 
 Time: Aug 31. 2020 4:05:37 PM 
 Click attachment to listen to Voice Message 
 EFTA00032212
From: 
 To: 
 ) II 
 (USANYS)" 
 (USANYS) [Contractor]" 
 Subject: FW: Privileged & Confidential - JPMorgan Chase 
 Date: Wed, 02 Sep 2020 22:57:54 +0000 
 Attachments: 2020-09-02 SDNY Letter.pdf 
 Cover letter for the JPM production is attached, per the below. 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, September 02, 2020 18:57 
 To: 'Russell, Kelsey D' 
 Cc: Sahni, Anjan Stoddart, Allison c> Chau, Truong 
 Subject: RE: Privileged & Confidential —JPMorgan Chase 
 Kelsey, 
 Received, and thanks very much. I'll let you know if any issues with accessing the production, but should be fine. Thanks 
 again for your continued help. 
 From: Russell, Kelsey D 
 Sent: Wednesday, September 02, 2020 17:26 
 To: 
 Cc: Sahni, Anjan 
 > 
 Stoddart, Allison < >; Chau, Truong 
 Subject: Privileged & Confidential —JPMorgan Chase 
 Privileged & Confidential 
 I hope this email finds you well. As discussed during our August 10, 2020 call, please find attached a cover letter 
 accompanying JPMorgan's production in response to the August 11, 2019, August 16, 2019, September 3, 2019, and 
 October 9, 2019 grand jury subpoenas. As with previous productions, you will receive a separate email with instructions 
 to download the production. You will receive the password under separate cover. 
 Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss. 
 Thanks very much, 
 Kelsey 
 Kelsey D Russell I WilmerHale 
 7 World Trade Center 
 250 Greenwich Street 
 New York, NY 10007 USA 
 EFTA00032213
(t) 
 Please consider the environment before printing this email. 
 This email message and any attachments are being sent by Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dort LLP, are confidential, and may be privileged. If you are not 
 the intended recipient, please notify us immediately—by replying to this message or by sending an email to postmaster@wilmerhale.com—and destroy all 
 copies of this message and any attachments. Thank you. 
 For more information about WIlmerHale, please visit us at http://www.wilmerhale.com.
 EFTA00032214
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: ttomey Proffer 
 Date: Thu, 04 Jun 2020 21:22:41 +0000 
 Inline-Images: image001.jpg 
 Sounds good. 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, June 4, 2020 5:20 PM 
 To: ) 
 Subject: RE ttorney Proffer 
 10:30 tomorrow works for me. Let's discuss then. 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, June 4, 2020 5:18 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: FW. attorney Proffer 
 Email from Bachner re: M- do you guys think at this point we should try to move forward with a phone interview with 
 her?? I have no problem telling him we're just in a holding pattern, and we'll hold off until further notice, but I also didn't 
 expect on March 16 that three months later we'd be where were are. 
 Happy to discuss in real time, too, when we chat about the indictment. Speaking of which, what's good for people 
 tomorrow? I could do anytime. Say, 10:30 or 11:00? But whatever works for you both. 
 From: Michael Bachner 
 Sent: Thursday, June 04, 2020 12:27 
 To: 
 Subject: Re: Attorney Proffer 
 HeMlope all is well. Checking in to see the status of matters. 
 Stay well 
 Michael Bachner 
 Bachner & Weiner, PC 
 Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
 EFTA00032215
https://www.actl.com/ 
 NOTICE: The information contained in this communication is legally privileged and/or 
 confidential information, which is intended only for use of recipient. If the reader of this communication is not 
 the intended recipient (or the agent or employee responsible to deliver it to the intended (recipient), you are 
 hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or reproduction of this communication is strictly prohibited. 
 If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this 
 email from your system. Nothing in this email should be construed as a legal opinion or tax advice. 
 On Mar 16, 2020, at 11:50 AM, 
 Michael, 
 wrote: 
 The world has obviously changed substantially even since late last week — I know we had conveyed that we wanted to 
 meet with Ms. sooner rather than later, but if you and/or she has any preference at all to postpone tomorrow's 
 meeting, that would be fine. If she has a strong inclination to do the meeting and would *prefer* to do it tomorrow, 
 please let us know and we should be able to make that work at your office, but otherwise we're happy to touch base in 
 the coming weeks and see what makes sense. The last thing we want to do is endanger anyone's health or safety. 
 Please let us know what you prefer, and we'll go from there. 
 , hanks 
 From: Michael Bachner 
 Sent: Sunday, March 15, 2020 11:25 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: =Attorney Proffer 
 let's do the meeting at my office on Tuesday. 
 Michael Bachner 
 Bachner & Weiner, PC 
 x u yp r p is rrors. sages sent through dictation. 
 k—WRD000.jpg> 
 https://www.actl.com/ 
 II 
 EFTA00032216
NOTICE: The information contained in this communication is legally privileged and/or 
 confidential information, which is intended only for use of recipient. If the reader of this communication is not 
 the intended recipient (or the agent or employee responsible to deliver it to the intended (recipient), you are 
 hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or reproduction of this communication is strictly 
 prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail 
 and delete this email from your system. Nothing in this email should be construed as a legal opinion or tax 
 advice. 
 On Mar 11. 2020, at 9:53 PM, 
 Michael, 
 wrote: 
 We'll put it in the calendar for then, certainly with the understanding that it's a fluid situation. We'll keep in touch and 
 hope for the best. Stay safe and we'll talk soon. 
 thanks, 
 From: Michael Bachner 
 Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 21:48 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 ) <MMEMEM>; 
 Subject: Re: =Attorney Proffer 
 confirming March 17 at 1030. However please I understand that these dates and times have to 
 remember fluid given the coronavirus situation. A resident of the The Connecticut town where lives 
 just tested positive 
 Michael 
 Michael Bachner 
 Bachner & Weiner PC 
 https://www.actl.com/ 
 rrors. Messages sent through dictation. 
 NOTICE: The information contained in this communication is legally privileged and/or 
 confidential information, which is intended only for use of recipient. If the reader of this communication is 
 not the intended recipient (or the agent or employee responsible to deliver it to the intended (recipient), you 
 are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or reproduction of this communication is strictly 
 prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail 
 and delete this email from your system. Nothing in this email should be construed as a legal opinion or tax 
 advice. 
 EFTA00032217
On Mar 11, 2020, at 5:06 PM, 
 wrote: 
 Michael, 
 We appreciate that, thank you. Shall we plan to do a first meeting on Tuesday the 17th at 10:30 a.m.? But again, 
 please let us know if you prefer a different time, we should be flexible that day. 
 thank you, 
 From: Michael Bachner 
 Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 16:32 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: =Attorney Proffer 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 1:04 PM 
 To: Michael Bachner 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: =Attorney Proffer 
 will meet earlier. How does next week look. 17 18 or 19 
 Sure, and given that timing I actually think it would be helpful to schedule two meetings, so we can be on track to get 
 all the information we need efficiently, unless you have any objection to that. Can we put meetings on the calendar 
 for Tuesday the 31st and Thursday the 2nd, say at 10:30 a.m. each day? Or let us know if she or you prefer different 
 timing. 
 And I would just add that because we do think she may have useful information for the ongoing investigation, which 
 continues to proceed, if her personal issues resolve — or allow for a meeting — sooner than those dates three weeks 
 out, we would prefer to meet earlier if that becomes possible. Understand if not, but wanted to note it. 
 thanks, 
 From: Michael Bachner 
 Sent: Wednesday, March , : 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: =Attorney Proffer 
 has some persona issues to deal with. Can we sometime between March 31 and April 3? 
 EFTA00032218
From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 10, 2020 2:37 PM 
 To: Michael Bachne 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: =Attorney Proffer 
 Michael, 
 Thanks for getting back to us, and we could do anytime this Monday, March 16. What time that day would be good 
 for you and Ms. l=? 
 thank you, 
 From: Michael Bachne 
 Sent: Monday, March 
 To:  
 Subject: RE: Attorney Proffer 
 following are dates that are bad for =I. Please let me know dates that work for oy and I will 
 confirm on my calendar. 
 March 12 
 March 18-20 
 March 25-30 
 April 7-15 
 From: Michael Bachne 
 Sent: Wednesday, March 04, 2020 17:31 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: Attorney Proffer 
 Mn DC on biz. Get back to u soon 
 Michael Bachner 
 Bachner & Weiner, PC 
 Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
 kimage001.jpg>I 
 https://www.actl.com/ 
 NOTICE: The information contained in this communication is legally privileged and/or 
 confidential information, which is intended only for use of recipient. If the reader of this communication is 
 not the intended recipient (or the agent or employee responsible to deliver it to the intended (recipient), you 
 are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or reproduction of this communication is strictly 
 EFTA00032219
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-
 mail and delete this email from your system. Nothing in this email should be construed as a legal opinion or 
 tax advice. 
 On Mar 3, 2020, at 6:15 PM, 
 wrote: 
 Michael, 
 Wanted to get back to you, as promised — as we indicated previously, the attorney proffers we've received from you 
 haven't caused us to change our view of Ms. status, and I think you've generally addressed the initial and 
 follow-up questions we've had. I think from our perspective the next step would be to have a conversation with 
 Ms.= directly, and to cover with her the same topics that we've addressed with you. Ordinarily we would 
 approach a discussion like that simply by going chronologically, and asking follow-up questions as appropriate along 
 the way, but as I've mentioned to you previously, if it would be useful to proceed in a different format, or to focus 
 (or avoid) specific topics in a first meeting, I think we would generally be amenable to that. And of course as we've 
 also discussed, any discussion would be completely voluntary—not just the interview overall, but any specific topic 
 or question that she wanted to pass on, or discuss with you in the moment, etc., would be totally up to her. Please 
 let us know what you think? We're also happy to chat via phone if that would be helpful as well. 
 t i l
 From: 
 Sent: Saturday, Februa 22 2020 21:59 
 To: Michael Bachner < 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Attorney Proffer 
 Michael, 
 Received, thank you. This information is helpful, and as with the prior attorney proffer, does not cause us to 
 change our view of Ms. status. 
 We will be traveling most of this upcoming week, but I hope that we will be able to follow up with you the 
 following week to discuss possible next steps. 
 thank you, 
 From: Michael Bachner 
 Sent: Friday, February 21, 2020 10:45 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: Attorney Proffer 
 I
 , pls see attached replies to your questions. 
 From: Michael Bachner < 
 Sent: Tuesday, February 25, 202011:U1 
 EFTA00032220
From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Friday, March 12, 2021 11:18 AM 
 To: I <> 
 Cc: >; (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein/FOIA matters 
 Hi . I am copying who is handling the main matter before Judge Engelmayer and who likely 
 would know if there are related FOlAs. I will also ask our civil clerk. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Mar 12, 2021, at 10:59 AM, wrote: 
 Hi=, 
 In connection with a criminal discovery matter, and and I are trying to find a list of all Jeffrey Epstein-
 related FOIA lawsuits that the Civil Division has handled (either pending or historical). Our chiefs suggested that you 
 might be able to help us generate that list — if you have any guidance or information on how we could track this down, 
 we'd really appreciate your help. Or if there's someone else we should reach out to in the Civil Division instead, please 
 let us know. 
 Thanks so much—
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00031942
To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Attorney Proffer 
 Good morning. was away over the weekend. I expect to have a reply to your questions by 
 tomorrow. 
 From: 
 Sent: Saturday, February 15, 2020 3:44 PM 
 To: Michael Bachner 
 Cc: e); 
 Subject: RE: =Attorney Proffer 
 Got it -- I had that down as London, rather than Paris, so that's helpful. And I should say, these questions aren't 
 immediately time-sensitive, I just didn't want to forget to ask, since I'm reviewing the notes now. 
 thanks, 
 From: Michael Bachner 
 Sent: Saturday, February 15, 2020 15:41 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: -Attorney Proffer 
 is away for the weekend. In our meeting I indicated that she stayed in the Paris apartment 
 with her husband on one occasion. I will get back to you on Monday or Tuesday regarding the other 
 questions you've asked today as well as at the meeting. Have a nice weekend 
 Michael Bachner 
 ease excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
 kimage001.jpg>1 
 https://www.actl.com/ 
 NOTICE: The information contained in this communication is legally privileged and/or 
 confidential information, which is intended only for use of recipient. If the reader of this communication is 
 not the intended recipient (or the agent or employee responsible to deliver it to the intended (recipient), 
 you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or reproduction of this communication is 
 strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender 
 by e-mail and delete this email from your system. Nothing in this email should be construed as a legal 
 opinion or tax advice. 
 On Feb 15, 2020, at 3:05 PM, 
 wrote: 
 EFTA00032221
Michael, 
 Following up on our meeting, one additional question / clarification we have from reviewing our notes is about 
 whether Ms.= ever visited certain Epstein properties other than his New York mansion and the brief visit to 
 the Palm Beach residence. I apologize if you addressed that and I missed it, but we wanted to add it to the list of 
 additional questions — in particular, whether she ever visited the New Mexico ranch, the Little St. James Island, 
 the Great St. James island, and/or the Paris residence. Also, is it correct that she just visited the Palm Beach 
 residence the one time you referenced? It's not a problem or issue if she visited any of those other locations, we 
 just wanted to clarify one way or the other. And happy to discuss via phone if that's useful. 
 thank you, 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, Februa 
 To: Michael Bachne 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Attorney Proffer 
 13, 2020 13:40 
 Michael, 
 We do understand that your attorney proffer today will be preliminary, and to the best of your client's current 
 recollection and to the best of your current understanding, and without, e.g., having been provided documents or 
 other materials by the Government. 
 We also confirm that your statements will be considered to be made pursuant to Fed. R. Evid. 410 and Fed. R. 
 Crim. P. 11(f), and therefore under those protections. Regarding Rule 408, we'll just note what we have for other 
 counsel in this case and others who have made similar statements or submissions, which is that we don't take any 
 position on the effect or application of Rule 408 in a prospective or hypothetical dispute in civil litigation, because 
 it doesn't implicate any rights the Government would or would not have, but you can consider us advised that 
 your position is that your statements are also covered under 408. (While our Office itself can't guarantee the 
 protections of Rule 408 because any dispute on that issue would be beyond our purview, we are also not taking 
 the position that we believe it does not apply.) 
 thank you 
 From: Michael Bachner 
 <r 
 Sent: Thursday, February 13, 2020 10:08 
 To: 
 Subject: I= Attorney Proffer 
 Hi Alex: 
 Prior to our meeting today, I am writing to confirm that statements I make to you today 
 are preliminary and subject to further refinement once Ms. =and I have the benefit of additional 
 document review and refreshed recollection if necessary based upon input we may receive from your 
 office. My statements to you are intended in hypothetical form only and in any event, we understand that 
 the provisions of FRE 408 and 410 apply. 
 EFTA00032222
Please advise if my understanding is correct. 
 Thanks. 
 Michael Bachner 
 Bachner & Associates, PC 
 EFTA00032223
From: "" 
 To: ' " 
 11 
 , ' (USANYS)" 
 Subject: tic with Colleen re 
 Date: Thu, 20 Aug 2020 22:09:12 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 Embedded: unnamed(1) 
 I'm happy to handle this, but sending in case anyone else prefers to jump on as well. 
 conference ID: 
 EFTA00032224
From: ' 
 To: Colleen Mullen  
 Cc: Teri Gibbs 
 Subject: RE: Follow-up 
 Date: Thu, 20 Aug 2020 01:35:06 +0000 
 Inline-Images: image00 1 jpg 
 )"H 
 (USANYS)" 
 Colleen, 
 Following up on the below — please let us know? Thanks very much. 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, August 11, 2020 18:03 
 To: Colleen Mullen  
 Cc: Teri Gibbs ; 
 Subject: RE: Follow-up 
 Colleen, 
 We are happy to speak with you — we had only followed up because we were under the impression she was interested in 
 speaking with us. We certainly can discuss issues of witness safety and confidentiality, but we also are not looking to 
 pressure anyone, at all. Please let us know if it makes sense to chat, and if so, what time ranges would work for you later 
 this week or next. 
 thanks, 
 From: Colleen Mullen
 Sent: Monde Au ust 10, 2020 19:17 
 To: 
 Cc: Teri Gibbs   >; 
 Subject: Re: Follow-up 
 Do you have any time to speak this week? My client is deeply concerned about her personal safety and wishes to 
 maintain her anonymity. 
 Best, 
 Colleen 
 On Thu, Aug 6, 2020 at 10:26 AM ) < 
 wrote: 
 Colleen, 
 We wanted to follow up on this from last month. Please let us know? (And obviously we're past late July now, but we 
 could look at dates and times for an interview this month.) 
 thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, July 08, 2020 17:30 
 To: Colleen Mullen 
 Cc: Teri Gibbs 
 Subject: RE: Follow-up 
 Colleen, 
 Thanks very much for being in touch, and we would like to speak with As a threshold question, 
 would it be possible for you to share with us the documents from and email correspondence with Maxwell referenced in 
 EFTA00032225
your email below? And is there a good date or dates later in July that would work for a phone or videoconference 
 interview? 
 thanks again, 
 From: Colleen Mullen < 
 Sent: Monde , Jul 06, 2020 15:20 
 To: 
 Cc: Teri Gibbs 
 Sub'ect: Re: Follow-up 
 Mr. 
 We wanted to  follow up on our prior email and offer to speak with our client, As 
 stated earlier, worked for Ms. Maxwell (and, by extension, Jeffrey Epstein). 
 I confirmed with our client that she is willing to speak with you and wants to fully cooperate with the criminal 
 investigation/action pending against Ms. Maxwell. She could be a valuable witness for you. 
 Please let us know if you would like to speak with our client. We are happy to facilitate this conversation. 
 Best, 
 Colleen 
 On Wed, Jan 29, 2020 at 12:57 PM 
 wrote: 
 Received, thanks very much. 
 From: Teri Gibbs
 Sent: Tuesday, January 28, 2020 19:08 
 To: 
 Cc: >; 
 Colleen Mullen 
 Re: Follow-up 
 Hi =, 
 As we discussed last week, our client, has in her possession documents from and 
 email correspondence with Ghislaine Maxwell. Thus far, we have received authorization to share the list of 
 office numbers used during her employment with Ghislaine Maxwell from 2003-2007. 
 Please see attached. 
 Please let us know if you have any questions. 
 Best, 
 Teri 
 On Wed, Jan 22, 2020 at 1:48 PM 
 wrote: 
 Will do, speak with you then. Thanks. 
 From: Teri Gibbs
 Sent: Wednesday, January 22, 2020 16:44 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Colleen Mullen 
 Sect: Re: Follow-up 
 Great. Tomorrow at 12PM PST/3PM EST works. Please call our conference line ata 
 Best, 
 Teri 
 On Wed JanM 
 wrote: 
 Teri, 
 EFTA00032226
I can give you a call at 3:00 p.m. tomorrow (Thursday). Please let me know what number is best to reach you at, 
 and I'll plan to call you then. 
 thanks, 
 From: Teri Gibbs < 
 Sent: Tuesday. January 21. 2020 20:15 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Colleen Mullen 
 Subject: Re: Follow-up 
 Wonderful,-. I am available tomorrow through Friday from 1PM-3PM EST. Please let me know 
 what time works best for you. 
 Best, 
 Teri 
 On Tue, Jan 21, 2020 at 5:06 PM 
 wrote: 
 >; 
 Teri, 
 We would be happy to set up a call to speak with you and receive the new information—please let us know a 
 few times this week that would work for you. 
 thanks, 
 From: Teri Gibbs - 
 Sent: Tuesday. January 21. 2020 18:50 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Colleen Mullen 
 Subject: Re: Follow-up 
 Hi =, 
 I am following up regardin our clients and We have 
 more information from that may be important to your investigation. Please let us 
 know if you would like to speak with us over the phone or set up interviews with either of them. 
 Best regards, 
 Teri 
 On Mon, Jan 6, 2020 at 1:12 PM Teri Gibbs < > wrote: 
 ME, 
 Great. Please call our conference line at You should receive an invitation in a few 
 moments from UberConference. You will not need a sign-in pin. 
 Looking forward to our call on Wednesday at 12:30PM PST. 
 Best, 
 Teri 
 On Mon Jan 6,2020 at 1:07 P 
 wrote: 
 Yes, we can do Wednesday at 12:30 p.m. PST (3:30 p.m. EST). Please let us know the best number to 
 reach you at, and we'll call you then. 
 From: Teri Gibbs < 
 Sent: Monday. January 06, 2020 12:15 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: Witness re Prince Andrew 
 Colleen 
 EFTA00032227
We have a last-minute mediation that is now scheduled for Tuesday. Are you available on 
 Wednesday between 10-11AM PST and 12-2PM PST or Thursday at any time between 9 AM-
 5PM PST? 
 Thank you in advance for your flexibility. 
 Best, 
 Teri 
 On Fri Jan 3 2020 at 6:04 PM
 wrote: 
 Teri, 
 No problem, and thanks for getting back to us. We could do a call on Tuesday the 7th at 11:00 a.m. 
 PST (2:00 p.m. EST). Please let us know the best number to reach you at, and we'll give you a call 
 then. 
 thanks, 
 From: Teri Gibbs
 Sent: Thursday, January 02, 2020 19:26 
 To: 
 Cc: IMEMIE=It a)
 Su, Re: Witness re Prince Andrew 
 Hi 
 Thank you for your response. I apologize for the delay. I hope you had a wonderful holiday. 
 Attorney Lisa Bloom and I are available at the following times for a phone or video 
 conference: 
 • Tuesday (117) between 10AM-1PM PST 
 • Wednesday (1/8) between 10-11AM PST and 12-2PM PST 
 Please let me know if any of these times work for you. 
 Best regards, 
 Teri 
 On Fri Dec 20 2019 at 9:55 AM 
 wrote: 
 Teri, 
 Thanks for being in touch. In the first instance, before we would request an interview directly, it 
 would be helpful for us to get a full attorney proffer from you about what the client's information is, 
 what you expect she would convey in an interview, any relevant documentary or other 
 corroborating materials, etc. That way we can make sure we're not re-victimizing any individual 
 unnecessarily, and be efficient with any necessary follow-up interview of the individual him- or 
 herself. Please let us know when a good time would be for an attorney proffer? And we can figure 
 out scheduling. 
 thanks very much, 
 From: Teri Gibbs
 Sent: Thursday, December 19, 2019 20:0 I 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 >; 
 Subject: Witness re Prince Andrew 
 Hi 
 We have a client who witnessed Prince Andrew's interactions with 
 would like to set up a phone or video interview with the appropriate party to allow our 
 client to make a statement. Please let me know how to proceed. 
 EFTA00032228
Best regards, 
 Teri Gibbs 
 No ice To Recipian: This email is meant for only the intended recipient of the transmission, and may be a communication privileged by law. If you 
 received this email in CHM any review. use. dissemination. distribution. or copying or ilme.mail is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately of 
 the error by return e•mad and please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your 
 cooperation. 
 IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: In order to comply with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any U.S. tax advice 
 contained in this communication (including any attachments) it not intended lobe used. and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties 
 under the Internal Revenue Code or it promoting, marketing. or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
 Notice To Recipient: This e-mail is meant for only the intended recipient of the transmission. and may be a communication privileged by law. If you received 
 this email in error. any review, use, dissemination. distribution, or copying of this e•mad is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately or the error by 
 return e-mail and please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
 IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: In order to comply with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. we inform you that any U.S. tax advice 
 contained in this communication (including any attachments) is not intended to be used, and cannot be used. for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the 
 Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting. marketing, or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
 EFTA00032229
I I 
 Notice To Recipient: This email is meant leg only the intended recipient oldie transmission. and may be a communication privileged by law. If you received this 
 e-mail in error. any review. use. dissemination. distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately of the error by return e-
 mail and please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
 IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: In order to comply with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. we inform you that any U.S. Lis advice contained in 
 this communication (including any attachments) n not intended to be used, and cannot be used. for the purpose of avoiding penalties under the Internal 
 Revenue Code or (ii) promoting. marketing, or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
 NoticeTo Recipient: This email is meant for only the intended recipient of the transmission, and may be a communication privileged by law. If you received this e-
 mail in error, any review. use. dissemination. distribution. or copying ol'this email is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately of the error by return email and 
 please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
 IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: In order to comply with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any US. tax advice contained in this 
 communication (including any attachments) is not intended to be used. and cannot be used. for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code 
 or promoting, marketing. or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
 Notice To Recipient: This emsil is meant for only the intended recipient of the transmission, and may be a communication privileged by law. If you received this email in 
 error, any review. use, dissemination. distribution. or copying ol'this email is strictly prohibited. Please tastily us immediately of the error by return email and please 
 delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
 EFTA00032230
From: "SI" aNIMIE> 
 To: Mariann Wang <=111==> 
 Cc: Gloria Allred <IIMIMa> 
 Subject: RE: Another survivor 
 Date: Thu, 18 Mar 2021 15:46:13 +0000 
 Thanks very much. 
 Original Message 
 From: Mariann Wang
 Sent: Thursday, March 18, 2021 9:05 AM 
 To: 
 Cc: Gloria Allred 
 Subject: Re: Another survivor 
 Sure, here ou o: 
 Gloria, 
 Mariann, 
 Eric Hecker 
 > On Mar 17, 2021, at 11:09 PM, 
 < 11=1.> wrote: 
 > That should work, thanks. Mind sending me the names and email addresses of participants, please? 
 > Original Message 
 > From: Mariann Wang - 
 > Sent: Wednesday. March 17. 2021 10:5-I 
 > To: 
 > Cc: Gloria Allred 
 > Subject: Re: Another survivor 
 > Sure, how about April 2d at 12.30pm? 
 >> On Mar 17, 2021, at 4:02 PM, S) <https://protect2.fireeye.com/v1/url? 
 k=I9c9489f-46527Id3-I9ce6c7a-0cc47adca7cc-3b20306438cf72c9&q=1&e=22490b16-8769-4edf-89e3-
 3533a30390df&u=htt s%3A%2F%2Furldefense.proofpoint.com%2Fv2%2Furl%3Fu%3Dhttp-
 0usdoj.gov%26d%3DDwIGaQ%26c%3DeuGZstcaTDIlvimEN8b7jXrwqOf-
 v5A_CdpgnVfliMM%26r%3DD5E4Bj8gRz08EJSOhEOXHg%26m%3DjqlYct8JdaT-W5q4i-
 N5aJFbPbaZ0jvBiRwZOdECfbg%26s%3DbIrLNAgLFLlYwQx7TzXEotrwfEBLq70RMGqi1PDT230%26e% 
 3D> wrote: 
 » Hi Mariann, 
 >> Hope you're well too, thanks. April 1 is pretty full on my end now. Would April 2 work for an interview with 
 this survivor, please? 
 >> 
 » Thanks, 
 >> 
 EFTA00031943
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: In order to comply with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any U.S. Lax advice contained in this 
 conununication (including any attachments) is not intended to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revalue Code or 
 (ii) promoting, marketing, or reccaunendirig to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
 Notice To Recipient: This e-mail is meant fa only the intended recipient ol'the transmission. and may be a communication privileged by law. If you received this email in 
 error. any review. use, dissemination. distribution, or copying of this email is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately ol'the erns by return e-mail and please delete 
 this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
 IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: In order to comply with 11:911FIMICIII% imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any U.S. tax advice contained in this 
 communication (including any attachments) is not intended to be used. and cannot be used. for the purpose of (ilavoiihng penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) 
 promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
 Notice To Recipient: This email is meant for only the intended recipient of the transmission, and may be a communication privileged by law. I r you received this e-mail in error, 
 any review. use, dissemination. distribution or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately ol'the error by return e-mail and please delete this 
 message and any and all duplicates or this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
 IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: In order to comply with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we infant you that any V.S. tax advice contained in this 
 communication (including any attachments) is not intended to be used and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) 
 promoting, marketing. or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
 EFTA00032231
Notice To Recipient: This email is meant for only the intended recipient oldie transmission. and may he a communication privileged by law. If you received this email in error, any 
 review. use. dissemination. distribution. or copying of this email is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately or the error by return e-mail and please delete this message and 
 any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advmw for your cooperation. 
 IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: In order to comply with requirements inipmed by the Internal Revenue Service. we inform you that any U.S. tax advice contained in this communication 
 (including any attachments) is not intended to be used. and cannot be used. IM the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting. marketing. or 
 recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
 Colleen M. Mullen, Esq. 
 To protect the health and safety of our clients and employees, and in compliance with local orders, The Bloom 
 Firm has closed its physical offices until further notice. We are fully operational remotely. Attorneys and 
 staff continue to be available via videoconference, email, telephone, and fax. Please do not send mail or 
 attempt service at our physical office. 
 This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged, proprietary, or otherwise private 
 information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the original. Any 
 other use of the email by you is prohibited. 
 Colleen M. Mullen, Esq. 
 To protect the health and safety of our clients and employees, and in compliance with local orders, The Bloom 
 Firm has closed its physical offices until further notice. We are fully operational remotely. Attorneys and staff 
 continue to be available via videoconference, email, telephone, and fax. Please do not send mail or attempt 
 service at our physical office. 
 This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged, proprietary, or otherwise private 
 information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the original. Any 
 other use of the email by you is prohibited. 
 EFTA00032232
Event: t/c with Colleen re 
 Start Date: 2020-08-21 20:00:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2020-08-21 20:30:00 +0000 
 Organizer: 
 Location: 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Date Created: 2020-08-20 22:13:03 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2020-08-20 22:13:03 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2020-08-20 22:09:09 +0000 
 Attendee: ) ; ) 
 < >; (USANYS) 
 Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
 Reminder 
 I'm happy to handle this, but sending in case anyone else prefers to jump on as well. 
 EFTA00032233
From: Nicole Simmons <nsimmons@hmflawcom> 
 To: "NathanNYSDChambers@nysd.uscourts.gove"
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca ipagliuca&mflaw.com>, Laura Menninger <linenninger@hinflaw.com>, 
 Ann Lundberg <alundberg@hmflaw.com>, "CEverdell®CohenGresser.com" 
 <CEverdell@CohenGresser.com> "mcohen CohenGresser.com" 
 Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Request to Modify Protective Order 
 (Under Seal)] 
 Date: The, 18 Aug 2020 00:01:23 +0000 
 Attachments: 2020.08.17_,ISP_Ltt_re._Modification_of the_Protective_Order.pdf; 
 2020.08.17_,ISP_Rule_16.1_Affidavit.pdf; Ex._1.pdf; Ex._2.pdf; Ex._3.pdf; Ex._4.pdf; 
 Ex._5.pdf; Ex._6.pdf; Ex._7.pdf; Ex._8.pdf; Ex._9.pdf; Ex._10.pdf 
 Inline-Images: image00 1 jpg 
 Dear Judge Nathan, 
 At the request of Jeffrey S. Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Letter Motion, Affidavit, and accompanying 
 exhibits filed under seal today August 17, 2020. 
 Regards, 
 Nicole 
 Nicole Simmons 
 Haddon, Morgan and 
 Foreman, P.C. 
 150 East 10th Avenue 
 Denver, Colorado 
 80203 
 PH 303.831.7364 FX 
 303.832.2628 
 DIRECT: 720.287.5835 
 www.hmflaw.com 
 nsimmons0!hmflaw.com 
 EFTA00032234
From: ' )"  
 To: '
 Subject: RE: Richardson 
 Date: Wed, 21 Aug 2019 16:21:45 +0000 
 No worries. I'll swing by to be a fly on the wall for this one. 
 From: I < 
 Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 12:19 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: Richardson 
 Ugh, I have, I'm sorry I didn't advise. I spoke to Jeff on Sunday afternoon and I hadn't thought about it this week — I told 
 him that anyone we don't have reason to know has no exposure (witness), or believe does have exposure (target), would 
 be a subject, and that with respect to Richardson we didn't currently intend to subpoena or request to speak with him 
 and that there weren't specific allegations against him for which we were currently seeking a response, but that an 
 attorney proffer would be useful about any knowledge he has regarding the charged conduct. I further said that if we 
 wanted to speak with Richardson going forward we'd go through counsel. I have contemporaneous notes and just spoke 
 to and I'm going to call now to correct his apparent mis-recollection of our conversation. 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 12:08 
 To: 
 Subject: FW: Richardson 
 >; 
 I've never spoken to anyone who represents Bill Richardson. Have you guys? Am I missing something? 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 12:05 PM 
 To: 
 < > 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: FW: Richardson 
 Has anyone talked to Jeff Brown and is this accurate? 
 From: (USANYS) <> 
 Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 12:01 PM 
 To: (USANYS) < >; 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Subject: Richardson 
 >; 
 (USANYS) < 
 Richardson has given the following statement to the press, true and accurate?: 
 (USANYS) 
 Governor Bill Richardson offered his assistance in the Jeffrey Epstein investigation - through his lawyer, Jeff Brown of 
 Dechert LLP - to the US Attorney for the Southern District of New York. In response to this offer, Mr. Brown was informed 
 EFTA00032235
by the Assistant US Attorney responsible for the case that Governor Richardson is neither a target, subject, nor witness in 
 the case and that there is no allegation against Governor Richardson that the government is actively investigating. 
 "It's fair to conclude that the federal prosecutors investigating this matter do not believe the Governor participated in or 
 witnessed the criminal activity Jeffrey Epstein is alleged to have committed," said Mr. Brown. 
 Governor Richardson hopes that the investigation continues so that Epstein's victims can finally have their day in court 
 and see the justice they deserve. 
 Public Affairs 
 United States Department of Justice 
 U.S. Attorney's Office l Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032236
From: 
 To:' 
 (USANYS)"  
 Cc: ' (USANYS)"
 Subject: RE: UNIT UPDATES ARE DUE 
 Date: Fri, 07 Dec 2018 16:25:11 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: PC_Unitr_Short_Form_Update.12.6.18.v2docx.docx 
 Attached. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Friday, December 7, 201810:45 AM 
 To: 
 Cc: (USANYS) < 
 Subject: RE: UNIT UPDATES ARE DUE 
 You'll have PC in about 15 minutes. 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, December 7, 2018 10:40 AM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 (USANYS) < >; (USANYS) 
 Subject: UNIT UPDATES ARE DUE 
 Importance: High 
 Good Morning, 
 (USANYS) 6 
 Unit updates are due. Please let me know if you plan on submitting and 
 when I can expect to receive them. 
 Thanks! 
 EFTA00032237
SCANNED 
 1 IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE 
 FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA 
 CRIMINAL DIVISION 
 STATE OF FLORIDA ) 
 ) 
 vs ) CASE NO. 06 CF9454AMB VJ 
 ) 08 9381CFAMB 
 JEFFREY EPSTEIN ) 
 Defendant. 
 3 
 ) 
 — 
 .,.• n 
 • 
 = 
 r 
 • 
 ' , a
 c , 
 ' A 
 ) 
 • 
 . 
 . ' 
 1 .7) 
 .71 
 r • :' (-= 
 9 CV 
 PLEA CONFERENCE 
 . . .. 
 na
 : - L: -H4 2 C'') 
 C.) 
 11 PRESIDING: HONORABLE DEBORAH DALE PUCILCIOrc; — 
 ; 
 „ 
 s—: ro 
 12 APPEARANCES: 
 13 ON BEHALF OF THE STATE: 
 BARRY E. KRISCHER, ESQUIRE 
 14 State Attorney 
 401 North Dixie Highway 
 15 West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
 By: LANNA BELOHLAVEK, ESQUIRE 
 16 Assistant State Attorney 
 17 ON BEHALF OF THE DEFENDANT: 
 ATTERBURY, GOLDBERGER & WEISS,P.A. 
 18 250 Australian Avenue South 
 Suite 1400 
 19 West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
 By: JACK GOLDBERGER, ESQUIRE 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 ORIGINAL 
 23 
 June 30, 2008 
 24 Palm Beach County Courthouse 
 West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 
 25 Beginning at 8:40 o'clock, a.m. 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032238
‘sod 
 1 BE IT REMEMBERED that the following 
 2 proceedings were had in the above-entitled cause 
 3 before the HONORABLE DEBORAH DALE PUCILLO, one of 
 4 the judges of the aforesaid court, at the Palm 
 5 Beach County Courthouse, located in the City of 
 6 West Palm Beach, State of Florida on June 20, 2008 
 7 beginning at 8:40 o'clock, a.m. with appearances 
 8 as hereinbefore noted, to wit: 
 9 THEREUPON: 
 10 MR. GOLDBERGER: Good morning, Judge, 
 11 Jack Goldberger on behalf of Jeffrey 
 12 Epstein. 
 13 THE COURT: Good morning. 
 14 MR. GOLDBERGER: Your Honor, we are 
 15 here for a plea conference. 
 16 THE COURT: Raise your right hand. 
 17 THEREUPON: 
 18 JEFFREY EPSTEIN, 
 19 after being called as a witness by the Defense and 
 20 after being first duly sworn by the Court, was 
 21 examined and testified as follows: 
 22 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 23 THE COURT: Is this one case or two? 
 24 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Two. 
 25 THE COURT: May I see the PC 
 2 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032239
1 affidavit in both cases, please? 
 2 MS. BELOHLAVEK: There are no PC 
 3 affidavits. There was originally an 
 4 Indictment, the second charge was filed 
 5 arising out of the booking. It was all 
 6 testimony presented to the grand jury. 
 7 THE COURT: Let me see the Indictment 
 8 then? 
 9 I have one Indictment, one 
 10 Information? 
 11 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 12 THE COURT: So one case is charged by 
 13 Indictment, one is charged by Information? 
 14 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 15 THE COURT: In case 2006036744 you 
 16 are charged with procuring a person under 
 17 18 for prostitution, a second degree 
 18 felony, maximum penalty of fifteen years 
 19 Department of Corrections; minimum, some 
 20 period of probation. No mandatory minimum 
 21 apply, is that correct, State? 
 22 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 23 THE COURT: And in case number 06 
 24 9454CF, you are charged with felony 
 25 solicitation to prostitution, a third 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032240
>> Original Message-----
 >> From: Mariann Wang all==> 
 >> Sent: Wednesday,March 17, 2021 8:48 AM 
 » To: 
 >> Cc: Gloria Allred 
 >> Subject: Another survivor 
 >> I hope you're well. We have another survivor who would like to share her information/what happened to her. 
 If you're willing/open, perhaps we could just add her to April 1st, or let us know what you prefer. She is 
 someone who was abused by Epstein on one occasion in 2004. 
 » Thank you, 
 » Mariann 
 EFTA00031944
✓ ✓ 
 1 degree felony, punishable by a maximum 
 2 penalty of five years in the Department of 
 3 Corrections, and a minimum, probation. No 
 4 mandatory minimums, correct? 
 5 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 6 THE COURT: The defendant has no 
 7 prior criminal record? 
 8 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 9 MR. GOLDBERGER: Yes, Your Honor. 
 10 THE COURT: You checked the NCIC as 
 11 well as State records? 
 12 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Yes. 
 13 THE COURT: And the guideline score 
 14 sheet I have before me shows 21.5 months in 
 15 the Department of Corrections as the lowest 
 16 permissible prison sentence in months. 
 17 Both sides agree to the preparation of the 
 18 guideline score sheet? 
 19 MR. GOLDBERGER: We so agree, Your 
 20 Honor. 
 21 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Yes. 
 22 THE COURT: What is proposed -- it 
 23 goes on for pages. 
 24 MR. GOLDBERGER: Your Honor, much of 
 25 the documentation is acknowledgement by my 
 4 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032241
1 client to community control, sex offender 
 2 status. 
 3 THE COURT: I understand. 
 4 Okay. What is proposed -- those 
 5 are the maximums and minimums, Mr. Epstein. 
 6 What is proposed is that you will be 
 7 pleading guilty to felony solicitation to 
 8 prostitution and procuring a person under 
 9 18 for prosecution. A PSI would be waived, 
 10 you would be adjudicated guilty of both 
 11 felonies, is that correct? 
 12 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 13 THE COURT: And on 06 9454, the 
 14 defendant to be sentenced to 12-months in 
 15 the Palm Beach County -- detention 
 16 facility? He's going to do time in the 
 17 jail? 
 18 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Yes. 
 19 THE COURT: With credit for one day 
 20 served. And on 08 9381, he is to be 
 21 sentenced to six months in the Palm Beach 
 22 County jail detention facility, with credit 
 23 for one day served. And the six month 
 24 sentence is to be served consecutive to the 
 25 12 month sentence? 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032242
Nival 
 1 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 2 THE COURT: Following the six months 
 3 sentence, the defendant will be placed on 
 4 12-months of community control one. The 
 5 conditions of the community control are 
 6 attached hereto and incorporated herein. 
 7 As a special condition of 
 8 community control, he's to have no 
 9 unsupervised contact with minors and the 
 10 supervising adult must be approved -- and I 
 11 would say, pre-approved, approved ahead of 
 12 time, not after the fact by the Department 
 13 of Corrections. And you would mean by that 
 14 his community control officer? 
 15 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 16 THE COURT: The defendant is 
 17 designated as a sexual offender pursuant to 
 18 Florida Statute 943.0435 and must abide by 
 19 all the corresponding requirements of the 
 20 statute, a copy of which is attached hereto 
 21 and incorporated herein. The defendant 
 22 must provide a DNA sample in court at the 
 23 time of this plea. Is this the -- and the 
 24 attachments are the terms and conditions of 
 25 community control. There are some 
 6 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032243
1 squiggles on the bottom of the page, what 
 2 would those squiggles be? 
 3 MR. GOLDBERGER: Thank you, Your 
 4 Honor, those are my client's signature 
 5 acknowledging that we have gone over all 
 6 the conditions. 
 7 THE COURT: One page after the plea 
 8 sheet that really spells out the terms and 
 9 conditions of community control, Florida 
 10 Statute 948.101, Mr. Epstein, is that 
 11 squiggle at the bottom your squiggle? 
 12 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 13 THE COURT: Would those be your 
 14 initials? 
 15 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 16 THE COURT: Did you read all of that 
 17 page? 
 18 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 19 THE COURT: Can you read? 
 20 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 21 THE COURT: How far did you go in 
 22 school? 
 23 THE DEFENDANT: High school. 
 24 THE COURT: That's your highest 
 25 degree? 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032244
J 
 1 THE DEFENDANT: Yes. 
 2 THE COURT: And is this your 
 3 signature on the plea sheet that recites 
 4 the terms of the plea I just read? 
 5 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 6 THE COURT: Did you read that 
 7 document as well? 
 8 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 9 THE COURT: You understand once you 
 10 do your 12 months followed by your six 
 11 months all in the Palm Beach County jail 
 12 you will then be put on community control 
 13 which involves having an electronic monitor 
 14 attached to you and --
 15 MR. GOLDBERGER: Actually Your Honor, 
 16 the agreement of the parties is to, it's 
 17 community control one which is not monitor. 
 18 THE COURT: Oh, community control 
 19 one, is that spelled out in here? 
 20 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Yes. 
 21 MR. GOLDBERGER: Yes, it is, Your 
 22 Honor. 
 23 MS. BELOHLAVEK: He does not fall 
 24 under the Jessica Lunsford Act which 
 25 requires the bracelet. 
 8 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032245
1 THE COURT: Community control two. 
 2 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 3 THE COURT: Community control one --
 4 that would be no electronic monitor? 
 MR. GOLDBERGER: That is correct. 
 6 THE COURT: Now which of the terms 
 7 and conditions of community control one are 
 8 you incorporating? 
 9 MR. GOLDBERGER: i can go through 
 10 them with Your Honor. 
 11 THE COURT: None of the them appear 
 12 to be articulated in the plea sheet which 
 13 is why I'm asking. 
 14 MR. GOLDBERGER: These are the 
 15 standard conditions of community control by 
 16 statute would apply to anyone that goes on 
 17 community control and out of an abundance 
 18 of caution, we simply memorialized those 
 19 standard conditions in the plea sheet 
 20 agreement. 
 21 THE COURT: The Court shall require 
 22 intensive supervision and surveillance for 
 23 an offender placed on community control 
 24 which may include but is not limited to 
 25 specified contact with the parole and 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032246
10 
 1 probation officer, specified by who? 
 2 PROBATION OFFICER: Specified by you, 
 3 Your Honor. 
 4 THE COURT: I don't see that in the 
 5 plea sheet. That's why I'm asking the 
 6 questions. No one has specified how often, 
 7 how frequently he is to have contact with 
 8 his parole and probation officer. 
 9 Confinement to an agreed upon residence 
 10 during the hours away from employment and 
 11 public service activity, has that been 
 12 articulated? 
 13 MS. BELOHLAVEK: I believe 
 14 Judge McSorley has a standard order 
 15 somewhere on the bench up there regarding 
 16 this, I'm told by the prosecutor. 
 17 MS. LENHARDT: Judge, usually this is 
 18 the probation sheet she hands out to folks. 
 19 THE COURT: I have seen those 
 20 sheets -- I have seen them incorporated in 
 21 plea agreements which is why I'm asking. 
 22 MR. GOLDBERGER: I see. 
 23 THE COURT: Is there some reason you 
 24 didn't use this particular document in this 
 25 case? 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032247
11 
 1 MS. BELOHLAVEK: I didn't realize 
 2 until Ms. Lenhardt just told me that Judge 
 3 McSorley has that. 
 4 MR. GOLDBERGER: We'd be happy to 
 5 execute that document, Your Honor. We were 
 6 -- we overreacted by just having him sign 
 7 off on all conditions of community control. 
 8 THE COURT: Well, this is --
 9 MR. GOLDBERGER: Perhaps the better 
 10 practice would be --
 11 THE COURT: This is, the reason 
 12 Judge McSorley does this which makes 
 13 ultimate sense is we're going to be here 
 14 half the morning if we're going to decide 
 15 among ourselves now what the --
 16 MR. GOLDBERGER: That makes sense. 
 17 THE COURT: I'm not going to leave 
 18 this just unspecified. 
 19 MS. BELOHLAVEK: We can take care of 
 20 that right now if you could give us a few 
 21 minutes. 
 22 THE COURT: All right. 
 23 These are the standard conditions 
 24 that Judge McSorley normally uses. If you 
 25 like them, you need to circle the ones that 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032248
vd val0 
 12 
 1 apply and everyone must initial them. We 
 2 will go over it. If you wish to change 
 3 you understand there is quite a bit of 
 4 latitude given the court in putting 
 5 somebody on community control. If you 
 6 agree to some change, let me know, but 
 7 understand at the outset that I'm a big fan 
 8 of specificity. I want to know what he 
 9 will be doing for employment. I want to 
 10 know exactly where he is going to be living 
 11 and I want it on the record now. It can 
 12 change but it can only change with 
 13 preapproval by DOC. I want it crystal 
 14 clear. I don't want the community control 
 15 officer who gets this case the day he walks 
 16 out the Palm Beach County to have any doubt 
 17 or confusion as to exactly what this 
 18 defendant is supposed to do, where he is 
 19 supposed to be when, exactly what I am 
 20 requesting that officer to supervise. 
 21 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Absolutely. 
 22 THE COURT: Okay. 
 23 MR. GOLDBERGER: We will work on it. 
 24 Thank you, Your Honor. 
 25 THE COURT: We will recall that case. 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032249
13 
 1 (Brief recess.) 
 2 MR. GOLDBERGER: Your Honor, we are 
 3 back on Jeffrey Epstein, actually it 
 4 worked, we had an opportunity to go through 
 5 Judge McSorley's conditions of community 
 6 control and we asked the Department of 
 7 Corrections representative to assist us to 
 8 make sure we did everything properly. 
 9 They were very helpful and we executed the 
 10 document. 
 11 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Yes, and Your Honor, 
 12 this defendant doesn't fall under the sex 
 13 offender probation but we have included 
 14 special sex offender conditions as part of 
 15 the community control and they are all 
 16 circled there. 
 17 THE COURT: The plea agreement stated 
 18 the defendant is designated as a sexual 
 19 offender pursuant to Florida Statute 
 20 942.035. 
 21 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. But the 
 22 sex offender probation, the statute is 
 23 different and only applies to certain 
 24 offenses and this one was not enumerated. 
 25 THE COURT: Okay. I want to make 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032250
From: (USANYS)" < 
 To:' 
 Subject: Meeting Forward Notification: Call re: Epstein FOIA 
 Date: Fri, 19 Mar 2021 13:09:22 +0000 
 Your meeting was forwarded 
 (USANYS) has forwarded your meeting request to additional recipients. 
 Meeting 
 Call re: Epstein FOIA 
 Meeting Time 
 Friday, March 19, 2021 9:00 AM-9:30 AM. 
 Recipients 
 IM=OGC)IFBI) 
 All times listed are in the following time zone: (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada) 
 Sent by Microsoft Exchange Server 
 EFTA00031945
4 4 
 14 
 1 sure both I and the defendant are clear. 
 2 The sexual offender statute you are 
 3 referring to in the plea sheet is the one 
 4 that requires registration? 
 5 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 6 MR. GOLDBERGER: Correct. 
 7 THE COURT: And we will talk about 
 8 that. 
 9 MR. GOLDBERGER: Okay. 
 10 THE COURT: But it is not the one 
 11 that requires the special conditions of sex 
 12 offender probation? 
 13 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 14 THE COURT: Now, rather than 948, do 
 15 you want me to disregard 948? He's read 
 16 it? 
 17 MS. BELOHLAVEK: He's read it. 
 18 THE COURT: We will leave it in 
 19 there. But these conditions we are going 
 20 to go over right now are going to be viewed 
 21 in my mind, yes, and they have been signed 
 22 by the defendant and we will go over that 
 23 in a second as a part of the whole plea. 
 24 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 25 THE COURT: So circled are 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032251
15 
 1 conditions, A, you will remain confined to 
 2 your residence except one half hour before 
 3 and after your approved employment, 
 4 community service work or any other 
 5 activity approved by your probation 
 6 officer. 
 7 B, you will maintain an hourly 
 8 accounting of all your activities on a 
 9 daily log which you will submit to your 
 10 supervising officer upon request. 
 11 My understanding about the daily 
 12 log, maybe I'm just confused from other 
 13 cases I've heard, is the daily log is a 
 14 weekly log, I guess it is submitted ahead 
 15 of time, is that correct? 
 16 PROBATION OFFICER: That is correct, 
 17 Your Honor. 
 18 THE COURT: So part A, where he has 
 19 to stay in his residence except for one 
 20 hour before and after the approved 
 21 employment, community service work and 
 22 other activity. All that's information 
 23 that will be recorded in writing and the 
 24 defendant will have a copy and he will know 
 25 exactly where he is supposed to be when. 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032252
a 
 16 
 1 PROBATION OFFICER: That is correct, 
 2 Your Honor. 
 3 THE COURT: As will his supervising 
 4 probation officer. And then to document 
 5 that he's supposedly done all that he 
 6 himself will be keeping a daily log? 
 7 PROBATION OFFICER: That is correct, 
 8 Your Honor. 
 9 THE COURT: And the log form will be 
 10 provided by the department and he will be 
 11 turning that in every time he meets with 
 12 the probation officer? 
 13 PROBATION OFFICER: That is correct, 
 14 Your Honor. 
 15 THE COURT: Okay. So that applies 
 16 and F applies. Does E apply? No. 
 17 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Did I circle E? 
 18 THE COURT: No. F -- made one up, 
 19 the defendant will be residing at 358 El 
 20 Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida, 33480. He 
 21 knows now that that's where he will be 
 22 living when he is released after his 12 
 23 months and six months. 
 24 MR. GOLDBERGER: That is correct, 
 25 Your Honor. 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032253
4 
 17 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 THE COURT: That's a private 
 residence? 
 MR. GOLDBERGER: That is his home. 
 THE COURT: Does he own the 
 residence? 
 MR. GOLDBERGER: He does, Your Honor. 
 THE COURT: Is there any possibility 
 that he no longer owns the residence? 
 MR. GOLDBERGER: Not anticipated, 
 Your Honor. 
 THE COURT: Okay. Should he not be 
 for whatever reason -- 18-months is a long 
 time, should he not be owning that 
 residence or able to reside there, he will 
 have the obligation of notifying his 
 probation officer prior, and I emphasize 
 this, prior to his release 
 assume that the department 
 prior to, to his release? 
 PROBATION OFFICER: That is correct, 
 Your Honor. 
 THE COURT: And then you would need 
 to send someone to meet with him before he 
 walks out of the Palm Beach County jail and 
 verify his address and employment 
 from 
 will 
 custody. I 
 be notified 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032254
4 
 18 
 1 information? 
 2 PROBATION OFFICER: That is correct. 
 3 THE COURT: All address -- I assume 
 4 all of this to and from work and any other 
 5 approved activities restricts him to Palm 
 6 Beach County, is that correct? 
 7 PROBATION OFFICER: That is correct, 
 8 Your Honor. 
 9 THE COURT: So let's be clear, 
 10 everything, from the day he walks out 
 11 occurs in Palm Beach County, is that clear? 
 12 MR. GOLDBERGER: We understand, Your 
 13 Honor. That's correct. 
 14 THE COURT: Then the additional 
 15 condition of his probation, they are not 
 16 sex offender standard conditions, they are 
 17 just conditions that are being imposed 
 18 especially in this case? 
 19 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 20 THE COURT: They are as follows, you 
 21 shall submit to a mandatory curfew from 10 
 22 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. regardless of any other 
 23 restrictions regarding work or approved 
 24 activity, there will be no exceptions to 
 25 being at home in house from 10 p.m. to 6 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032255
4 
 19 
 1 a.m., is that correct? 
 2 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Yes. 
 3 THE COURT: If the victim was under 
 4 age of 18 years which I gather is the case 
 5 because it's circled, you shall not live 
 6 within 1000 feet of a school, day care 
 7 center, park, playground or other place 
 8 where children regularly congregate. 
 9 Has someone verified that 358 El 
 10 Brillo is such a place? 
 11 MS. BELOHLAVEK: No, but that will be 
 12 done prior to his release. 
 13 THE COURT: So 358 El Brillo will not 
 14 be approved if it should happen to be one 
 15 thousand feet from a school, day care 
 16 center, park, playground or other place --
 17 this is rather open. 
 18 MR. GOLDBERGER: Where children 
 19 gather. 
 20 THE COURT: Where children regularly 
 21 congregate. 
 22 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Right. 
 23 THE COURT: The Court knows 358 El 
 24 Brillo Way is a residential neighborhood, 
 25 are there areas there where children 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032256
20 
 1 regularly congregate? 
 2 MS. BELOHLAVEK: I personally do not 
 3 know. 
 4 THE COURT: Neither do I, which is 
 5 why I'm asking. Has that been 
 6 investigated? 
 7 MR. GOLDBERGER: We have done our due 
 8 diligence, for what it's worth, there is a 
 9 residential street. There are not children 
 10 congregating on that street. We think the 
 11 address applies, if it doesn't, we fully 
 12 recognize that he can't live there. 
 13 THE COURT: Okay. D is, you shall 
 14 not have any contact with the victim, are 
 15 there more than one victim? 
 16 MS. BELOHLAVEK: There's several. 
 17 THE COURT: Several, all of the 
 18 victims. So this should be plural. I'm 
 19 making that plural. You are not to have 
 20 any contact direct or indirect, and in this 
 21 day and age I find it necessary to go over 
 22 exactly what we mean by indirect. By 
 23 indirect, we mean no text messages, no 
 24 e-mail, no Face Book, no My Space, no 
 25 telephone calls, no voice mails, no 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032257
J 21 
 1 messages through carrier pigeon, no 
 2 messages through third parties, no hey 
 3 would you tell so and so for me, no having 
 4 a friend, acquaintance or stranger approach 
 5 any of these victims with a message of any 
 6 sort from you, is that clear? 
 7 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am 
 8 THE COURT: And then it states, 
 9 unless approved by the victim, the 
 10 therapist and the sentencing court. Okay. 
 11 THE DEFENDANT: I understand. 
 12 THE COURT: And the sentencing court. 
 13 So, if there is a desire which, I would 
 14 think would be a bit strange to have 
 15 contact with any of the victims the court 
 16 must approve it. 
 17 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 18 THE COURT: If the victim was under 
 19 the age of 18, which was the case, you 
 20 shall not until you have successfully 
 21 attended and completed the sex offender 
 22 program. So, is this sex offender program 
 23 becoming a condition of probation? 
 24 MS. BELOHLAVEK: That is not. I 
 25 don't believe I circled that one. 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032258
J 22 
 1 THE COURT: You did. 
 2 MR. GOLDBERGER: That's a mistake on 
 3 our part. Actually the statute that he is 
 4 pleading guilty to does not require the 
 5 THE COURT: I understand that, but 
 6 you circled it. 
 7 MS. BELOHLAVEK: I apologize, that 
 B one is not. He has already been in 
 9 treatment with a private psychiatrist. 
 10 THE COURT: Which you find to be an 
 11 adequate substitute for sex offender 
 12 program? 
 13 MS. BELOHLAVEK: I -- it is not 
 14 required and based upon the evaluation and 
 15 my contact with that doctor, I don't 
 16 believe it's necessary at this point. 
 17 THE COURT: Has that been -- I assume 
 18 you have a law degree and do not have a 
 19 Ph.D in a psychology or MD in psychiatry? 
 20 MS. BELOHLAVEK: That is correct, I 
 21 don't. 
 22 THE COURT: So it is just your 
 23 judgement --
 24 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 25 THE COURT: -- that his treatment 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032259
i 4 
 23 
 1 with some fancy private psychiatrist or 
 2 psychologist in his case is okay? 
 3 MS. BELOHLAVEK: That is correct. 
 4 THE COURT: So you are not imposing 
 5 E? 
 6 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 7 THE COURT: F, if the victim was 
 8 under the age of 18, you shall not work or 
 9 play or as a volunteer in any school, day 
 10 care center, park, play ground or other 
 11 place where children regularly congregate, 
 12 is that understood? 
 13 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 14 THE COURT: Children will be defined 
 15 as anyone under the age of 18. There are a 
 16 lot of places where children regularly 
 17 congregate. What kind of work do you do? 
 18 THE DEFENDANT: Banking. 
 19 THE COURT: Here in Palm Beach 
 20 County? 
 21 THE DEFENDANT: Virgin Islands, 
 22 ma'am. 
 23 THE COURT: You understand you will 
 24 not travel from Palm Beach County for the 
 25 duration of this? 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032260
From: 
 To: USANYS 
 (USANYS)" 
 SANYS)" 
 Cc: " (USANYS)" 
 ( USANYS " 
 USANYS)" 
 "MIE 
 (USANYS)" 
 Subject: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo 
 Date: Fri, 19 Mar 2021 19:23:52 +0000 
 Attachments: 2021.03.18_GM_superseder_memo.pdf; 2020-04-10_GM_prosecution_memo..pdf; 2020-
 04-28,_petjury_memo.docx 
 All, 
 Attached please find a prosecution memorandum requesting authorization to seek a superseding indictment charging 
 Maxwell with additional criminal offenses. For reference, I have also attached the two prior prosecution memos regarding 
 the original indictment in this case. We have tentatively scheduled grand jury time for Monday, March 29th. 
 Thanks, 
 EFTA00031946
24 
 1 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 2 MR. GOLDBERGER: Your Honor, I'm 
 3 sorry to interrupt, we do cover the 
 4 employment later in the agreement as to 
 5 what he is going to be doing during the one 
 6 year that he is on community control. 
 7 THE COURT: Okay. And let me --
 8 condition G, which is circled, unless 
 9 otherwise indicated in the treatment plan 
 10 provided by sexual offender treatment 
 11 program. 
 12 MR. GOLDBERGER: That's not in there. 
 13 THE COURT: Is that what you want? 
 14 MS. BELOHLAVEK: No. 
 15 THE COURT: But you do want the, you 
 16 will not view, own or possess any obscene 
 17 pornographic --
 18 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 19 THE COURT: Okay. But are you saying 
 20 that this therapist can okay him to own 
 21 certain pornographic material? 
 22 MS. BELOHLAVEK: No, not at all. 
 23 MR. GOLDBERGER: No, Your Honor. 
 24 THE COURT: Would be really helpful 
 25 if people read these things before they 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032261
25 
 1 signed them thoroughly. 
 2 Unless otherwise indicated in the 
 3 treatment plan. I'm just going to strike 
 4 out, provided by the sexual offender 
 5 treatment program. Is that what you 
 6 intend, that his therapist can 
 7 MS. BELOHLAVEK: No. 
 8 THE COURT: No? 
 9 MS. BELOHLAVEK: No. 
 10 THE COURT: Unless otherwise 
 11 indicated. 
 12 MR. GOLDBERGER: The parties have 
 13 agreed that during the period that he is 
 14 cannot be --
 15 THE COURT: Condition G will now 
 16 read, you shall not view, own, possess any 
 17 obscene, pornographic or sexually 
 18 stimulating visual or auditory material 
 19 including telephonic, electronic media, 
 20 computer program or computer services that 
 21 are relevant to your deviant behavior 
 22 pattern. And who is going to enforce that? 
 23 MS. BELOHLAVEK: The community 
 24 control officer. 
 25 THE COURT: How? 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032262
J .1 
 26 
 1 MS. BELOHLAVEK: They have the 
 2 obligation and included in there for 
 3 warrantless search to check at any time his 
 4 home, his computer, anything he has contact 
 5 with. 
 6 THE COURT: And do they regularly do 
 7 that? 
 8 PROBATION OFFICER: Yes, ma'am. 
 9 THE COURT: Since we have the 
 10 pleasure of having someone from the 
 11 Department of Corrections here. 
 12 Okay. H, you shall submit two 
 13 specimens of blood to the Florida 
 14 Department of Law Enforcement to be 
 15 registered in the DNA data bank. 
 16 J, you shall submit to a 
 17 warrantless search by your probation 
 18 officer or community control officer of 
 19 your person, residence or vehicle. 
 20 G -- where is the G? 
 21 MS. BELOHLAVEK: That was under the 
 22 original part, not under the sex offender 
 23 one. 
 24 THE COURT: Okay. Defendant to have 
 25 contact with the community control officer 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032263
1 4 
 27 
 1 at a minimum one time a week. 
 2 Defendant to work at Florida 
 3 Science Foundation, 250 Australian Avenue, 
 4 West Palm Beach, Florida. Is that 
 5 volunteer work or work for pay? 
 6 MR. GOLDBERGER: It is a 501C 
 7 corporation that he has formed, Your Honor, 
 8 that will be doing charitable work. 
 9 THE COURT: That he has formed? 
 10 MR. GOLDBERGER: Yes. 
 11 THE COURT: What exactly is Florida 
 12 Science Foundation? 
 13 MR. GOLDBERGER: Do you want to 
 14 explain? 
 15 THE DEFENDANT: It funds science 
 16 programs around the state and the country. 
 17 THE COURT: How long has it been in 
 18 existence? 
 19 THE DEFENDANT: Fifteen years. 
 20 THE COURT: How many programs has it 
 21 funded? 
 22 THE DEFENDANT: Numerous, more than 
 23 50. 
 24 THE COURT: What is your position 
 25 with the organization? 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032264
I a 
 28 
 1 THE DEFENDANT: President. 
 2 THE COURT: Is there a board of 
 3 directors? 
 4 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 5 THE COURT: Who's on the board of 
 6 directors? 
 7 THE DEFENDANT: Two attorneys. 
 8 THE COURT: What exactly do you do? 
 9 THE DEFENDANT: I'm an investment 
 10 banker but my --
 11 THE COURT: No, no, I mean with the 
 12 science foundation. 
 13 THE DEFENDANT: We fund 
 14 science programs --
 15 THE COURT: I don't want to know what 
 16 we do, I want to know what you do. How 
 17 often are you there? 
 18 THE DEFENDANT: I'm there every day, 
 19 I research, I take in people who want to 
 20 make presentations about why they need 
 21 money for funding medical research, 
 22 advanced science research. My background 
 23 is in physics. I go through all the 
 24 programs in detail, review the science work 
 25 potentials, I follow through on a daily 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032265
a a 
 29 
 1 basis with what they have been given money 
 2 to do. 
 3 THE COURT: Who are some recent 
 4 grantees? 
 5 THE DEFENDANT: Harvard University. 
 6 There is a full program of Evolutionary 
 7 Dynamics, Neuro Science Institute of 
 8 California, the Physics Institute, MIT. 
 9 THE COURT: Do you ever have occasion 
 10 to deal with anyone under the age of 
 11 eighteen? 
 12 THE DEFENDANT: Not very often. It 
 13 is, if someone is in college -- sorry. 
 14 THE COURT: Right, that's why I'm 
 15 asking the question. 
 16 THE DEFENDANT: Most of the people I 
 17 fund are all usually professors. 
 18 THE COURT: Thank you. You 
 19 understand that you can't have contact with 
 20 anyone if this organization, do they 
 21 ever have any involvement with high 
 22 schools? 
 23 THE DEFENDANT: No, ma'am. 
 24 THE COURT: Students or teachers? 
 25 THE DEFENDANT: No, ma'am. 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032266
30 
 1 THE COURT: Okay. 
 2 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Those are 
 3 duplicates, you will see those are the same 
 4 as the ones on the previous page, however, 
 5 it was reproduced. 
 6 THE COURT: The next condition, you 
 7 shall maintain a driving log. You shall 
 8 not drive a motor vehicle while alone 
 9 without prior approval of your supervising 
 10 officer. 
 11 If there was sexual contact, you 
 12 shall submit to at probationer's or 
 13 community controllee's expense an HIV test 
 14 with results to be released to the victims, 
 15 victim's parent or guardian -- will be 
 16 victims, plural. Has that been done? 
 17 MR. GOLDBERGER: Not yet. 
 18 THE COURT: Do we have a time frame 
 19 on that? I would think ASAP might be good 
 20 on something like that. 
 21 MS. BELOHLAVEK: I believe they can 
 22 actually do that at the jail. 
 23 THE COURT: At his expense? 
 24 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Yes. 
 25 THE COURT: I would request that that 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032267
J -I 
 31 
 1 be done within 48 hours? 
 2 You shall not obtain or use a post 
 3 office box without prior approval of the 
 4 supervising officer. 
 5 Okay. Are all those conditions 
 6 you two have agreed to? 
 7 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Yes, Your Honor. 
 8 MR. GOLDBERGER: With the court's 
 9 amendments, yes. 
 10 THE COURT: Mr. Epstein, do you 
 11 understand? 
 12 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 13 THE COURT: I need the defendant to 
 14 sign number D where I had an s added to 
 15 victim, and G, we struck out the otherwise 
 16 indicated language. Otherwise, it is as 
 17 you agreed. 
 18 Mr. Epstein, do you understand 
 19 this is a somewhat complicated terms of the 
 20 plea that you've agreed to? 
 21 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am 
 22 THE COURT: Do you have any questions 
 23 about the terms of the plea? 
 24 THE DEFENDANT: No. 
 25 THE COURT: Can I ask the State why 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032268
L_ 
 32 
 1 you choose -- or defense and the State 
 2 together, why twelve months in the Palm 
 3 Beach County jail followed by six months? 
 4 Why not just send him to DOC? 
 5 MR. GOLDBERGER: It was the agreement 
 6 of the parties, Your Honor. We just 
 7 decided that was the best way to accomplish 
 8 what needed to be done here and the parties 
 9 agreed that that sentence satisfied 
 10 everyone's requirements. 
 11 THE COURT: The taxpayers of Palm 
 12 Beach County is going to pay 18 months to 
 13 house this guy instead of DOC? 
 14 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Right. 
 15 THE COURT: You understand we're 
 16 losing positions left and right in county 
 17 government because we haven't got enough 
 18 money but you want -- okay. 
 19 His requirement to register there 
 20 is many, many -- there is nine pages 
 21 outlining the sexual offender's requirement 
 22 to register with the department and 
 23 penalty, have you read all those, 
 24 Mr. Epstein? 
 25 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032269
41 i 
 33 
 1 THE COURT: Do you understand you 
 2 will be required to register and this will 
 3 be an ongoing life long obligation? 
 4 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 5 THE COURT: And this registration 
 6 occurs when? 
 7 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Within 48-hours of 
 8 release. 
 9 THE COURT: So when he gets out of 
 10 the Palm Beach County jail, he needs to 
 11 register? Okay. And the department -- who 
 12 is going to provide him with the form? 
 13 MR. GOLDBERGER: He actually 
 14 registers out at the Sheriff's Office, Your 
 15 Honor, we can do it out there. 
 16 THE COURT: Okay. It has been 
 17 brought to my attention that FDLE is the 
 18 one who is statutorily required to handle 
 19 these registrations but some of our 
 20 municipal jurisdictions have taken it upon 
 21 themselves to impose additional 
 22 requirements, y'all understand that? 
 23 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 24 MR. GOLDBERGER: Right. 
 25 THE COURT: What you are telling him 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032270
From: ' (USANYS)" <1 
 To: " (USANYS 
 (USANYS)" 
 Subject: RE: Maxwell 
 Date: Fri, 09 Oct 2020 18:25:11 +0000 
 Let's jump on a call right now then. We can use my dial in. 
 From: 
 (USANYS)< > 
 Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:24 PM 
 To: >, 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Maxwell 
 Me too. 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:23 PM 
 To: 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Maxwell 
 Same here, thanks. 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:22 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Maxwell 
 (USANYS)C 
 (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) 
 > 
 Yes, I'm available now until 3 or after 4, thanks. 
 Dialing in now. 
 (USANYS) 
 From: (USANYS)<a 
 Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:22 PM 
 To: 
 c a  
 (USANYS) < >; 
 (USANYS) cll> < 
 Subject: RE: Maxwell 
 just called with an update. Do some/all of you have time for a quick call? I'm free now until 3 or after 4. 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:17 AM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Maxwell 
 (USANYS) > 
 Thanks very much. 
 EFTA00031947
34 
 1 he has to do is the official State of 
 2 Florida registration? 
 3 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 4 THE COURT: Mr. Epstein, I need to 
 5 make sure you understand that that's what's 
 6 required by this plea. Anyone on 
 7 probation, community control is required to 
 8 live and abide by the laws. So if a 
 9 jurisdiction you choose to reside in should 
 10 have some additional municipal requirements 
 11 you will be required in order to comply 
 12 with the law of living there, just like you 
 13 can't get a parking ticket or speeding 
 14 ticket, to comply with those regulations 
 15 but I want to make sure you understand 
 16 because I have seen some defendants who 
 17 have been confused about this. If you 
 18 don't, for example, if the Town of Palm 
 19 Beach has you register that does not take 
 20 care of your requirement. Your requirement 
 21 to register with FDLE through the Sheriff's 
 22 office is separate, distinct and must be 
 23 done on their form according to their 
 24 schedule. 
 25 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032271
40 4 
 35 
 1 THE COURT: And if my experience the 
 2 last few months is of any value, they are 
 3 very serious about enforcing this. They 
 4 will be tracking you for the rest of your 
 5 life. Do not move. Do not go -- I don't 
 6 care when you are done with community 
 7 control, they need to know exactly where 
 8 you are and if you go anywhere without 
 9 registering, they will find and you will be 
 10 locked up. 
 11 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 12 THE COURT: Okay. Any questions 
 13 about that? 
 14 THE DEFENDANT: No, ma'am. 
 15 THE COURT: Did you read the plea in 
 16 the circuit court form that describes all 
 17 the rights you are giving up by entering 
 18 this plea? 
 19 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 20 THE COURT: I think I asked you 
 21 before, can you read? 
 22 THE DEFENDANT: Yes. 
 23 THE COURT: Are you under the 
 24 influence of alcohol, drugs or medication 
 25 today? 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032272
36 
 1 THE DEFENDANT: No, ma'am. 
 2 THE COURT: Normally taking any 
 3 prescribed medication? 
 4 THE DEFENDANT: Only for cholesterol. 
 5 THE COURT: Does that interfere with 
 6 your mental ability? 
 7 THE DEFENDANT: No. 
 8 THE COURT: Do you understand you 
 9 have an attorney, you have a right to trial 
 10 by jury, there is not going to be a jury 
 11 trial. There won't be witnesses called. 
 12 That your attorney and you would have a 
 13 right to confront and cross examine, do you 
 14 understand you have a right to call 
 15 witnesses of your own and the court would 
 16 issue subpoenas to compel their attendance 
 17 just like any other witness called by the 
 18 State, that you have the right -- absolute 
 19 right to remain silent and that you would 
 20 not have to say or do anything at the trial 
 21 if there were a trial, do you understand 
 22 those rights? 
 23 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 24 THE COURT: Do you understand if you 
 25 are not a United States citizen your plea 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032273
4 
 37 
 1 could subject you to deportation pursuant 
 2 to the laws and regulations governing the 
 3 United States Immigration and 
 4 Naturalization Service and this court has 
 S no jurisdiction or authority in such 
 6 matters, do you understand that? 
 7 THE DEFENDANT: Yes. 
 8 THE COURT: Has anybody threatened 
 9 you, coerced you or promised you anything 
 10 other than the terms of this plea to get 
 11 you to enter this plea? 
 12 THE DEFENDANT: No. 
 13 THE COURT: Do you understand this is 
 14 a plea in criminal court? 
 15 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 16 THE COURT: This has -- in criminal 
 17 court in Palm Beach County, State of 
 18 Florida. I have absolutely nothing to do 
 19 with any civil matters or matters in any 
 20 other jurisdiction, do you understand that? 
 21 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 22 THE COURT: Is this plea in any way 
 23 tied to any promises or representations by 
 24 any civil attorneys or other jurisdictions? 
 25 MR. GOLDBERGER: May we come sidebar 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032274
38 
 1 on that, Your Honor? 
 2 THE COURT: It is going to be 
 3 recorded. 
 4 MR. GOLDBERGER: That's fine. 
 5 THE COURT: Defendant needs to 
 6 approach as well. 
 7 (Whereupon, there was a conference at 
 8 the bench.) 
 9 MR. GOLDBERGER: The reason why I 
 10 asked to come sidebar, there is a 
 11 nonprosecution agreement with the United 
 12 States Attorney's office that triggers as a 
 13 result of this plea agreement. In other 
 14 words, they have signed off and said they 
 15 will not prosecute Mr. Epstein in the 
 16 Southern District of Florida for any 
 17 offense upon his successful taking of this 
 18 plea today. That is a confidential 
 19 document that the parties have agreed to. 
 20 Just in an abundance of caution, I wanted 
 21 to tell the court. 
 22 THE COURT: I understand, that would 
 23 also be invalidated should he violate his 
 24 community control? 
 25 MR. GOLDBERGER: Absolutely. That 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032275
a a 
 39 
 1 nonprosecution agreement --
 2 MS. BELOHLAVEK: They spell all that 
 3 out. 
 4 THE COURT: Mr. Epstein needs to come 
 5 closer. 
 6 Mr. Epstein, your attorney has 
 7 told me that in addition to everything, we 
 8 talked about another Inducement, shall we 
 9 say, to your taking this plea is that the 
 10 U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of 
 11 the State of Florida, federal prosecutor, 
 12 has agreed to a nonprosecution agreement 
 13 with you, meaning that if you successfully 
 14 complete probation and do everything you're 
 15 supposed to, they have, have agreed not to 
 16 prosecute you federally, did you understand 
 17 that? 
 18 THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am. 
 19 THE COURT: And I would view that as 
 20 a significant inducement in accepting this 
 21 plea. 
 22 MS. BELOHLAVEK: They are actually in 
 23 court here today, also. 
 24 THE COURT: Okay. 
 25 MR. GOLDBERGER: And the plea 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032276
40 
 1 agreement very carefully spelled out if 
 2 there was a breach that would violate this 
 3 agreement, so we are well aware of it. 
 4 THE COURT: Okay. I would request 
 5 that a sealed copy of that -- Mr. Epstein 
 6 has signed that document? 
 7 MR. GOLDBERGER: Yes, I would like to 
 8 seal the copy. 
 9 THE COURT: I want a sealed copy of 
 10 that filed in this case. That is the only 
 11 other condition of the agreement that is
 12 influencing this defendant to make this 
 1 
 13 decision? 
 14 MR. GOLDBERGER: Absolutely. I think 
 15 that's the right idea. 
 I 
 16 (Return to open court.)
 17 THE COURT: Mr. Epstein, is there 
 18 anything else? 
 19 THE DEFENDANT: No, ma'am. 
 20 THE COURT: Because I don't take 
 21 these pleas unless they are freely and 
 22 voluntarily made. 
 23 THE DEFENDANT: I understand that. 
 24 THE COURT: I also don't want 
 25 somebody or anybody coming back a year, 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032277
• 
 41 
 1 two years from now saying, oh no, no, they 
 2 beat me over the head or if there is 
 3 anything else that is influencing you to 
 4 make this decision, then I need to know 
 5 about it. 
 6 THE DEFENDANT: I understand that. 
 7 MR. GOLDBERGER: Thank you. 
 8 THE DEFENDANT: Thank you very much, 
 9 Your Honor. 
 10 (Return to open court.) 
 11 THE COURT: All right, Mr. Epstein, 
 12 any questions about the rights you are 
 13 giving up by entering this plea? 
 14 THE DEFENDANT: No ma'am. 
 15 THE COURT: State, please give me a 
 16 factual basis. 
 17 MS. BELOHLAVEK: In 069454 CF AMB, 
 18 between August 1, 2004 and October 31, 
 19 2005, the defendant in Palm Beach County 
 20 did solicit or procure someone to commit 
 21 prosecution on three or more occasions. 
 22 And in 08 CF 9381 CF AMB between 
 23 August 1, 2004 and October 9, 2005, the 
 24 defendant did procure a minor under the age 
 25 of 18 to commit prostitution in Palm Beach 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032278
a 
 42 
 1 County also. 
 2 THE COURT: I find a sufficient 
 3 factual basis to support the pleas. 
 4 Are all of the victims in both of 
 5 these cases in agreement with the terms of 
 6 this plea? 
 7 MS. BELOHLAVEK: I have spoken to 
 8 several myself and I have spoken to 
 9 counsel, through counsel as to the other 
 10 victim, and I believe, yes. 
 11 THE COURT: And with regard to the 
 12 victims under age eighteen, is that 
 13 victim's parents or guardian in agreement 
 14 with the plea? 
 15 MS. BELOHLAVEK: That victim is not 
 16 under age 18 any more and that's why we 
 17 spoke with her counsel. 
 18 THE COURT: And she is in agreement 
 19 with the plea? 
 20 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Yes. 
 21 THE COURT: And community control 
 22 will be given information concerning how to 
 23 contact these victims? 
 24 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Yes. 
 25 THE COURT: Confidentially. That 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032279
I a 
 43 
 1 information will not be related to the 
 2 defendant but will be used exclusively for 
 3 purposes of verifying compliance with this 
 4 agreement? 
 5 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Yes. 
 6 THE COURT: Is there anything else 
 7 from anybody else before I accept this 
 8 plea? 
 9 MR. GOLDBERGER: No, Your Honor. 
 10 THE COURT: Mr. Goldberger, if it is 
 11 your desire, you may enter your client's 
 12 plea. 
 13 MR. GOLDBERGER: Thank you, Your 
 14 Honor, at this time we would withdraw our 
 15 previously entered pleas of not guilty, 
 16 enter pleas of guilty pursuant to 
 17 negotiations with the State. 
 18 THE COURT: Mr. Epstein, I am going 
 19 to accept those pleas on your behalf. I 
 20 find you are intelligent, alert, you 
 21 understand what is going on here and the 
 22 consequence of entering this plea, you are 
 23 doing it freely and voluntarily. 
 24 Pursuant to the plea, I am waiving 
 25 a PSI, I will sentence you at this time 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032280
From: (USANYS) ct> 
 Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:17 AM 
 To: 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: FW: Maxwell 
 > 
 (USANYS) 
 Team- both and followed up on the review of images from the Epstein devices and FBI assured us that they will 
 get it done. Please keep us posted and let us know if there is anything else we can do to assist. Thanks! 
 From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:10 AM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: Maxwell 
 > 
 says she'll get right on the CART issue and make sure it gets done. Let me know what happens. 
 Chief, Criminal Division 
 United States Attorney's Office, SDNY 
 EFTA00031948
44 
 1 pursuant to it. I will adjudicate you 
 2 guilty of felony solicitation of 
 3 prostitution, a third degree felony, case 
 4 number 06 CF 00945A -- 454 AMB, and 
 5 procuring a person under 18 for 
 6 prostitution, a second degree felony 08 CF 
 7 009381AMB. 
 8 With respect to the solicitation 
 9 of prosecution, I will sentence you to 
 10 twelve months in the Palm Beach County 
 11 detention facility with credit for the one 
 12 day served. 
 13 With respect to 08 CF 009381, I 
 14 will sentence you to six months in the Palm 
 15 Beach County detention facility, with 
 16 credit for the one day served. That six 
 17 month sentence is to be served consecutive 
 18 to the twelve month sentence. 
 19 Following the six month sentence 
 20 you will be placed on 12 months of 
 21 community control. That will be on both 
 22 cases, I assume, to run concurrently, 
 23 correct? 
 24 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Only on the 08 case. 
 25 THE COURT: Only on the second degree 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032281
a • 
 45 
 1 felony? 
 2 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct, the one 
 3 that designates him a sexual offender. 
 4 THE COURT: Okay. So only on case 
 5 number 08 CF 009381AMB will you be on one 
 6 year community control which would then 
 7 invoke a potential penalty of fifteen years 
 8 were you to violate. 
 9 The special conditions are that 
 10 you are to have no unsupervised contact 
 11 with minors and the supervising adult must 
 12 be approved by the Department of 
 13 Corrections. You are to be designated a 
 14 sexual offender pursuant to Florida Statute 
 15 943.0435 and you must abide by all 
 16 requirements of that statute which I have 
 17 read and we have discussed. 
 18 You will remain confined to your 
 19 residence except one half hour before and 
 20 after your approved employment, community 
 21 service work or other activities approved 
 22 by your probation officer. You will 
 23 maintain an hourly accounting of all your 
 24 activity on a daily log which you submit to 
 25 the supervising officer upon request. 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032282
46 
 1 You will be residing at 358 El 
 2 Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida 33480. 
 3 Should you desire to move or go to a 
 4 different location upon release from 
 5 custody, you will get preapproval of that 
 6 location from the Department of 
 7 Corrections. You will have to contact your 
 8 community control officer a minimum of once 
 9 a week, it can be more often at their 
 10 discretion and you are to work at the 
 11 Florida Science Foundation at 250 
 12 Australian Avenue in West Palm Beach, 
 13 Florida. You will submit to a mandatory 
 14 curfew of 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. 
 15 You shall not live within a 
 16 thousand feet of a school, day care center, 
 17 park, playground or other place where 
 18 children congregate. You shall not have 
 19 any contact with the victims, directly or 
 20 indirectly including through a third person 
 21 unless approved by victim's therapist and 
 22 the sentencing court. 
 23 You shall not work for pay or as a 
 24 volunteer at any school, day care center 
 25 park, play ground, other place where 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032283
J 
 47 
 1 children may congregate. You shall not 
 2 view, own or possess any obscene 
 3 pornographic or sexually stimulating or 
 4 visual, auditory material including 
 5 telephone, electronic media, computer 
 6 programs, computer services that are 
 7 relevant to deviant behavior. 
 8 You shall submit two specimens of 
 9 blood to Florida Department of Law 
 10 Enforcement to be registered with the DNA 
 11 data bank. You shall submit to a 
 12 warrantless search by the probation officer 
 13 or community control officer of your 
 14 person, residence or vehicle. 
 15 You shall maintain a driving log. 
 16 You shall not drive a motor vehicle while 
 17 alone without prior approval of the 
 18 supervising officer. 
 19 You shall submit to, at 
 20 probationer or community control expense a 
 21 HIV test, the result of which is to be 
 22 released to the victims or victim's parent 
 23 or guardian. That has to be done within 48 
 24 hours. 
 25 You shall not obtain or a use post 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032284
• 
 e 
 48 
 1 office box without the prior approval of 
 2 the supervising officer. 
 3 MS. BELOHLAVEK: You forgot one that 
 4 you may not possess, own or view sexually 
 5 stimulating -- I don't believe you read 
 6 that outloud just now. 
 7 THE COURT: Yes, I did. 
 8 MS. BELOHLAVEK: I'm sorry, I didn't 
 9 hear it. I just wanted to make sure. 
 10 THE COURT: And the warrantless 
 11 search by the community control officer of 
 12 the person, residence or vehicle --
 13 understand the person, residence or vehicle 
 14 includes anything you might possess like 
 15 computer, a cell phone and whatever other 
 16 elaborate devices there are to communicate 
 17 electronically these days, okay. Good 
 18 luck. 
 19 MR. GOLDBERGER: Thank you. 
 20 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Thank you. 
 21 THE COURT: Is there a judgment? 
 22 MR. GOLDBERGER: Yes, there should be 
 23 judgments. 
 24 THE COURT: Was there a condition of 
 25 community control that he pay or is he 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032285
49 
 • 
 • 
 • 
 _. 
 1 paying it? 
 2 MR. GOLDBERGER: Actually there is a 
 3 cash bond posted, court cost can be 
 4 deducted from the cash bond. 
 5 THE COURT: $574 is the total? 
 6 MS. BELOHLAVEK: Correct. 
 7 THE COURT: Is that to cover both 
 8 cases? 
 9 MR. GOLDBERGER: Yes. 
 10 THE COURT: Thank you. 
 11 MR. GOLDBERGER: Thank you, Your 
 12 Honor. 
 13 (Whereupon, at 9:48 o'clock a.m. the 
 14 proceedings before the Court concluded.) 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 1 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032286
50 
 1 CERTIFICATE 
 2 
 3 THE STATE OF FLORIDA, 
 4 COUNTY OF PALM BEACH. 
 5 I, PHYLLIS A. DAMES, Official Court 
 6 Reporter for the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit, 
 7 Criminal Division, in and for Palm Beach County, 
 8 Florida; do hereby certify that I was authorized 
 9 to and did report the foregoing proceedings before 
 10 the Court at the time and place aforesaid; and 
 11 that the preceding pages numbered from 
 1 through 49, 
 12 inclusive, represent a true and accurate 
 13 transcription of my stenonotes taken at said 
 14 proceedings. 
 15 
 16 affixed my official signature this 
 19th 
 day of 
 17 
 July, 2008. 
 18 
 19 
 20 14,9 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 PHYL S A. DAMES 
 PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER 
 EFTA00032287
From: "Opatich, <OpatichJ@cbsnews.com> 
 To: ' " ' 
 Cc: "@CND National Desk Staff' <CNDNationalStaff@cbs.com> 
 Subject: URGENT CBS NEWS Inquiry 
 Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2019 13:15:03 +0000 
 Hello —
 Reaching out from the National Desk at CBS NEWS. We're seeing that defendant Jeffery Epstein died by suicide at MCC. 
 Can you confirm? Can you comment? 
 Thank you. 
 Opatich 
 News Associate I National Desk 
 o. 
 c. 516.458.3758 
 EFTA00032288
From: (NY) (OGA)" =MR> 
 To: 'rail(USANYS)" 
 Subject: RE: Wednesday 
 Date: Mon, 12 Aug 2019 16:12:34 +0000 
 ! Pm glad you're on it. 
 ■ I saw you're reservation. I'm going to book something early afternoon and back the same night. 
 Original Message 
 From: (USANYS) [mailto 
 Sen 2, 2019 8:51 AM 
 To: IM(USANYS) •rcl=1.> 
 Cc: NY) (OGA) <ksong®fbi.gov> 
 Subject: INe.nesday 
 We'll miss you,M, but glad to have you on top of that! 
 > On Aug 12, 2019, at 7:23 AM, Donaleski, Rebekah (USANYS) ..zIMIIM> wrote: 
 > Hey guys, 
 > I am really sorry but I am not going to be able to make it Wednesday. Please apologize to the victims for me. I 
 am working the Epstein death investigation and it's very fast moving. S their prior statements are saved in the 
 Dutch case file on the shared drive. They wanted the opportunity to go over those, and to have the chance to 
 briefly prep about how to testify and what they may want to say during the sentencing portion. Thank you for 
 going and I'm really sorry to do this. 
 EFTA00032289
From: Jenna Dabbs 
 To:' 
 Cc: Alex Conlon " " 
 I, 
 Subject: Re: Epstein 
 Date: Sun, 11 Aug 2019 01:53:01 +0000 
 We appreciate the offer of support for M. has been in touch with her several times today and, as you 
 might expect, she is experiencing a lot of different emotions. We will stay on top of it, I know she has already 
 been in touch with support folks at FBI, and will certainly circle up with you if need be. 
 Best, 
 Jenna 
 Get Outlook for iOS 
 From: 
 Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 7:18:59 PM 
 To: Jenna Dabbs 
 Cc: Alex Conlon e 
 Subject: RE: Epstein 
 Jenna, 
 It was very shocking news, particularly given the entirety of the circumstances. And we appreciate the kind words, 
 particularly given your experience—that's very kind and it's meaningful to hear. 
 In terms of initial substantive questions, unfortunately I think we won't have robust answers quite yet—right now we 
 don't have any additional information on civil forfeiture in particular, and I also don't know what if any options there are 
 for us in terms of restitution (separate from the civil context). With respect to the investigation, we're not in a position to 
 talk about specific possible paths forward, but we can say, consistent with a brief statement our Office put out this 
 afternoon, that the investi ation remains ongoing—and in the coming days we can talk with more particularity about 
 what that might mean for in particular. In the meantime, though, in terms of herself, we're continuing to 
 try to see if there are imme late options for resources in the next 24 hours, but even if we are not able to do so 
 tomorrow, certainly on Monday at the latest you and/or she can be in touch with our Office's specialists and/or the FBI 
 folks. We certainly want her to have any support that would be useful, and we are happy to stay in touch about that—
 please let us know especially if you think her situation is, or becomes, an emergency. 
 Thank you again, 
 From: Jenna Dabbs 
 Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 09:50 
 To: 
 `= > ) < 
 ) 
 Cc: Alex Conlon 
 Subject: Epstein 
 We were certainly saddened to see the news this morning, as I know all of you were. I appreciate that you have more 
 EFTA00032290
From: ' 
 < 
 To: r>, 
 Cc: ' " " 
 Subject: New drive for Maxwell 
 Date: Thu, 03 Dec 2020 22:24:46 +0000 
 Attachments: 2020.12.03_MDC_-_Maxwell_MAIN.pdf; 2020.12.03_MDC_-_Maxwell_PASSWORD.pdf 
 Hi all, 
 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine Maxwell, which should arrive at the MDC 
 tomorrow. This drive will replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the accompanying cover letters 
 are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? 
 Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be mailed to the below address: 
 Paralegal Specialist 
 U.S. Attorney's Office, SDNY 
 New York, NY 10007 
 Thanks very much, as always, for your help. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00031949
pressing issues to deal with at the moment, but we are interested in whether you expect any aspect of the SDNY's 
 investigation/case to continue, potentially a separate civil forfeiture proceeding, or possible criminal prosecutions against 
 other defendants. We also understand that you may not be in a position to tell us anything at the moment, which is fine. 
 Just anticipating and preparing for questions we expect to be asked. Separately, having had the experience of a defendant 
 in a case I charged commit suicide, I wanted to add that it can be a complicated feeling, and to the extent it is helpful, I 
 think you brought a really important case and conducted yourselves in a professional, compassionate and impressive way. 
 So despite sad news, and frustrating news after putting so much work into filing a case and preparing to see it through, 
 heads should be held high. 
 Best, 
 Jenna 
 Jenna Dabbs I Kaplan Hecker & Fink LLP 
 350 Fifth Avenue I Suite 7110 
 New k ion8 
 (W) 
 This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client. work product or other 
 applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email. please be aware that any unauthorized review use. disclosure. dissemination. 
 distribution, or copying of this communication. or any of its contents. is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
 the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you. 
 This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client work product or other 
 applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email. please be aware that any unauthorized review. use. disclosure. dissemination. 
 distribution, or copying of this communication. or any of its contents. is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
 the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you. 
 EFTA00032291
From: 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: 
 Subject Epstein 
 Date: Tue, 13 Aug 2019 16:19:17 +0000 
 Good afternoon a 
 I hope all is well. I understand the prosecution team has been walled off from the investigation. Do you have access to his 
 records from his prior incarceration? If not do you have a contact for his prior facility or the USAO in Florida? I have been 
 asked to track down certain documentation in reference thereto in relation to the various investigations into the incident this 
 past weekend. 
 Thank you, 
 Supervisory Staff Attorney 
 CLC New York 
 Metropolitan Correctional Center 
 EFTA00032292
From: 
 " 
 To: r" 
 Subject: FW: Epstein (FinCEN records) 
 Date: Tue, 13 Aug 2019 18:56:29 +0000 
 Did we ever get these? 
 Ori inal Messa e 
 From:
 Sent: Wednesday, August 7, 2019 3:00 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein (FinCEN records) 
 Will do. 
 Thanks 
 Ori inal Messa e 
 From: [mailto:
 Sent: Tuesday,August 06, 2019 5:43 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: FW: Epstein (FinCEN records) 
 Could you please pull the FinCEN records listed below and circulate to the team? It sounds like they're 
 potentially useful so we'd like to review. Thank you! 
 Ori inal Messa e 
 From:
 Sent: Tuesday. August 06, 2019 11:53 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein 
 ca> 
 We wanted to make sure you all were aware of several records. See below - a list of relevant document IDs that 
 EFTA00032293
will allow you to pull the records up in FinCEN Query or cross-reference with your files. Please let me know if 
 you have any issues. 
 BSA Ins: 
 Thanks. 
 Ori inal Messa e 
 From: 
 Sent: Monda Au ust 5 2019 9:45 AM 
 To: 
 Cc:
 Subject: RE: Epstein 
 Sony I was inartful. Yes, my understanding is that we have information to send your way. can confirm that. 
 Assistant Chief Counsel 
 Financial Crimes Enforcement Network 
 This e-mail message and any attachments from the United States Department of the Treasury/Financial Crimes 
 Enforcement Network is for the exclusive use of the intended recipient and may contain privileged information, 
 including information protected by the attorney-client and attorney work product privileges. If you are not an 
 intended recipient, please do not read, distribute, or take action in reliance on this message. If you have received 
 this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail and promptly delete this message 
 and its attachments from your computer system. Be advised that no privilege is waived by the transmission of 
 this message. 
 Original Messa e 
 From:
 Sent: Monday. August 5.2019 9:43 AM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: [EXTERNAL] RE: Epstein 
 EFTA00032294
HIM, 
 I had the impression from email that you had particular documents or reports you were looking to 
 send our way ("so you can coordinate with them to make sure they have already seen any SAR information you 
 guys are looking at") -- if so, we would be grateful for ou to send whatever it is you think would be useful. Or 
 please let us know if that's not correct (when says "the relevant SAR information" I'm not sure what 
 that's referring to), and if so what it was you were envisioning. 
 thanks, 
 Original Messa e 
 From: 
 Sent: Monda Au ust 05 2019 09:18 
 To: 
 ; 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein 
 We just want to ensure you have the relevant SAR information you need. To that end, I'm copying • of 
 our Intelligence Division, with whom you can liaise directly if necessary. 
 Best, 
 Assistant Chief Counsel 
 Financial Crimes Enforcement Network 
 This e-mail message and any attachments from the United States Department of the Treasury/Financial Crimes 
 Enforcement Network is for the exclusive use of the intended recipient and may contain privileged information, 
 including information protected by the attorney-client and attorney work product privileges. If you are not an 
 intended recipient, please do not read, distribute, or take action in reliance on this message. If you have received 
 this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail and promptly delete this message 
 and its attachments from your computer system. Be advised that no privilege is waived by the transmission of 
 this message. 
 Original Messa e 
 From:
 Sent: Sunday. Au>rust 4.2019 7:44 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: [EXTERNAL] RE: Epstein 
 EFTA00032295
Thanks for reaching out, and let us know how we can best proceed. 
 thanks again, 
 Ori inal Messa e 
 From:
 Sent: Friday, August 02, 2019 20:17 
 3 
 Cc: 
 a To: 
 Subject: Re: Epstein 
 Thanks so much for the introduction, I'll have the folks on my end reach out to confirm the status of this. 
 Thanks again and nice weekend to all. 
 From: " 
 31I 
 mailto:a> 
 ust 2 2019 at 7:00:36 PM 
 It 
 mailto: 
 mailto: 
 Subject: [EXTERNAL] Epstein 
 mailto: > 
 As discussed, I'm cc'ing a couple of the AUSAs on the Epstein team so you can coordinate with them to make 
 sure they have already seen any SAR information you guys are looking at, or pass it over if they haven't. 
 Guys, is with FinCEN counsel (formerly the Office's best friend at OIA), and has some information 
 FinCEN has seen and wants to make sure we're aware of. 
 Thanks, 
 Co -Chief, Money Laundering and Transnational Criminal Enterprises Unit 
 Asset Forfeiture Coordinator 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 Tel: 
 EFTA00032296
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: Prisoner Production Request for Proffer 
 Date: Tue, 13 Aug 2019 19:00:13 +0000 
 Embedded: RE:_8_16_Friday_ProffernEfrain_Reyesa_GEO.msg 
 Use this e-mail only for requests to produce prisoners for proffers. Please advise if this is a special circumstance 
 proffer (i.e. visiting agents, visiting attorneys or if trial is within the next five days) 
 AUSA: 
 AUSA Phone: 
 AUSA Cell Phone: 
 Production Date: 8/16/19 
 Production Time: 11 am 
 Production Place: x 500 Pearl 40 Foley* 
 Defendant: Efrain Reyes USMS#: 
 Defendant's Docket No: 
 Separatee(s): USMS#(s): 
 Cancelling a Production. Prior to noon of the day before the scheduled production, use this email template. 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 Tel: 
 EFTA00032297
From: 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 I> 
 Subject: RE: 8/16 Friday Proffer - Efrain Reyes GEO 
 Date: Tue, 13 Aug 2019 18:55:20 +0000 
 This proffer is approved for Friday. 
 Thanks, 
 Supervisory Deputy United States Marshal 
 Southern District of New York 
 Office: 
 From: (USMS) 
 Sent: Tuesday, August 13, 2019 2:41 PM 
 To 
 Subject: Fwd: 8/16 Friday Proffer - Efrain Reyes GEO 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: 
 Date: August 13, 2019 at 2:23:10 PM EDT 
 To: " (USMS)" 
 Cc: 
 Subject: 8/16 Friday Proffer - Efrain Reyes GEO 
 < 
 > 
 Hi 
 We are working on the Epstein death investigation and would like to proffer with Efrain Reyes, who was his cellmate up 
 until the day he died. Reyes' lawyer is only available to do a proffer this Friday, and given the ongoing investigation, it 
 will be difficult to make agents available for a takeout order. Would the USM make an exception and produce Reyes for a 
 proffer on Friday? Thanks. 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 Te 
 EFTA00032298
From: Jean James <jeanjames@telus.net> 
 To: geoffrey berman cza 
 Subject: BRITISH FREEDOM OF INFORMATION REQUEST RE EPSTEIN & PARLIAMENT 
 Date: Tue, 03 Sep 2019 15:13:36 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 https://www.whatdotheyknow.com/request/emails leaked to the daily mail 
 EFTA00032299
From: Jean James <jeanjamesgtelus.net> 
 To: '   " <1 
 Cc: geoffrey bennan 
 Subject: EPSTEIN AND BRITISH CONNECTIONS 
 Date: Fri, 27 Sep 2019 16:29:29 -4)000 
 > 
 > 
 Dear Mr. Sweeney 
 Ex UK Metropolitan Police detective, Jon Wedger, knows a lot about juvenile prostitution and child 
 sexual abuse in the UK, and the fact that it generates a lot of money for the British establishment. 
 He was persecuted by police and the British government because he was doing a good job, exposing 
 the racketeering involving children's homes and V.I.P.s very high up in British society. He might be 
 useful in your enquiries. 
 Jon Wedger email numnut2009@hotmail.co.uk 
 Here is an interview that he gave recently: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9TscJsVKp4
 Procurer of children, Jimmy Savile, was on very close terms with royalty and politicians. 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65p8J-WQbKI 
 The British establishment pushed Chief Constable, Mike Veale, out of his job because he was doing 
 an honest investigation into Jimmy Savile and his high level connections. Mr. Veale felt the need to 
 make a public statement, but he was still kicked out for doing his job. 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtWVtH8AuA4 
 Jimmy Savile was protected by the British government for almost 50 years, and was even sent on 
 'ambassadorial' missions to Israel. Why? He was a third rate entertainer and no more. He spent 11 
 Christmases as the guest of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher at her country residence, Chequers. He 
 was a frequent guest at Buckingham Palace and, in one public interview, bragged that he had 
 smuggled a small female child into the palace. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BM RIWkE52w 
 Yours sincerely, 
 Jean James 
 EFTA00032300
U.S. Department of Justice 
 United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 Th e Silvio .1 Motto Building 
 One Saint Andrew's Maw 
 New York, New York 10007 
 December 3, 2020 
 BY FEDERAL EXPRESS 
 MDC—Metropolitan Detention Center 
 Legal Department 
 80 29'h Street 
 Brooklyn, NY 11232 
 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
 Enclosed is discovery pertinent to the following inmate: 
 • Ghislaine Maxwell: 02879-509 
 Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
 Very truly yours, 
 AUDREY STRAUSS 
 Acting United States Attorney 
 by: 
 Assistant United States Attorneys 
 Enclosure 
 EFTA00031950
From: 
 Subject: Epstein-Related FOlA Requests 
 Date: Fri, 21 Feb 2020 16:42:11 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00032301
Event: Epstein-Related FOIA Requests 
 Start Date: 2020-02-25 16:30:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2020-02-25 17:00:00 +0000 
 Organizer: (USANYS) 
 Location:= Office 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Date Created: 2020-02-25 07:22:37 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2020-02-25 07:22:37 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2020-02-21 16:42:07 +0000 
 Attendee: 
 Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
 Reminder 
 EFTA00032302
From:Access to Justice Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To:. 
 Subject:The $4.3B Question Over What Terrorist Victims Can Recoup 
 Date:Mon, 24 Feb 2020 12:41:26 +0000 
 ;;,'Law36 
 0 Access 
 to 
 Justice 
 Access to Justice 
 Getty-A2J-Kenya.jpg 
 The $4.3B Question Over What Terrorist Victims Can Recoup 
 The U.S. Supreme Court during oral arguments on Monday will be asked to 
 create a clearer path to punitive damages in certain cases involving state 
 sponsors of terrorism. It's just the latest chapter in a case that highlights the 
 decadeslong legal battles that terrorist victims and their families often face in 
 trying to recoup damages. 
 Read full article 
 Analysis 
 Ex -Felons In Fla. Race Against Clock To Vote In 2020 
 Former felons in the Sunshine State who are fighting a requirement that they 
 pay all outstanding fines and fees before being able to vote may have scored a 
 recent win at the Eleventh Circuit, but with just eight months to go before the 
 general election and the state vowing to battle on, time may be running out fo 
 them to cast a ballot in 2020. 
 Read full article 
 Analysis 
 ABA Says Industry Regs Need A Rethink, But Will It Matter? 
 The passage of a revised American Bar Association resolution intended to 
 encourage a new look at legal industry regulation and increase access to justice 
 represents a major step forward, even in the absence of any recommended 
 changes on nonlawyer participation in the market, some experts say. 
 Read full article 
 How Attys Can Help Dismantle The School-To-Prison Pipeline 
 As the rise of school shootings spurs an increase in spending on school police 
 officers, experts at a recent conference said students need more due process 
 protections when those officers handle routine disciplinary matters: Police 
 Monday, February 24, 2020 
 LAW FIRMS 
 BakerHostetler 
 Boies Schiller 
 Castillo Snyder 
 Clark Hill 
 Cooper & Kirk 
 Cowles & Thompson 
 Culhane Meadows 
 DLA Piper 
 Dentons 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 Fish & Richardson 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Greenspoon Marder 
 Howarth & Smith 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth 
 Jenner & Block 
 Jones Day 
 Kaplan Hecker 
 Kellogg Hansen 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Loeb & Loeb 
 Martin Clearwater 
 Mayer Brown 
 Miller & Chevalier 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Munger Tolles 
 Neligan LLP 
 EFTA00032303
involvement, they said, should mean attorney involvement too. 
 Read full article 
 Coin Toss: Are Risk-Measuring Tools Accurate Enough? 
 Most of the algorithms used to assess someone's risk of recidivism before they 
 are released on bail are correct about 60 and 70% of the time — better than a 
 coin flip, but still prone to misclassification, especially in cases that involve 
 people of color. The tools' potential for error has left stakeholders clashing over 
 their use. 
 Read full article 
 Debt -Based License Suspensions Get Fresh Scrutiny In NY 
 New York lawmakers are taking a closer look at doing away with driver's license 
 suspensions based on debt, which a New York Law School report this month 
 determined disproportionately impacts minority motorists. 
 Read full article 
 All Access 
 Homeboy Industries' Harati On Giving People A Fresh Start 
 As the director of legal services for LA-based Homeboy Industries, Donna Harati 
 helps former gang members and convicted felons rejoin society by working with 
 them on expungements, custody disputes and more. Here, Harati discusses 
 traffic fines, trauma and finding reasons to smile during tough situations. 
 Read full article 
 Perspectives 
 Justice Denied For A NY Domestic Violence Survivor 
 New York's Domestic Violence Survivors Justice Act was enacted to reduce 
 sentences for people like Nicole Addimando, who was just given 19 years to life 
 in prison for killing her sadistically abusive partner, so the court's failure to apply 
 it here raises the question of whether it will be applied at all, say Ross Kramer 
 and Nicole Fidler at Sanctuary for Families. 
 Read full article 
 Perspectives 
 Book Review: A Lawyer Reflects On Defending Guilty People 
 In her new book, "Guilty People," Abbe Smith successfully conveys that seeing 
 ourselves in people who commit crime may be the first step to exacting change 
 in our justice system, says U.S. District Judge Diane Humetewa of the District of 
 Arizona. 
 Read full article 
 Patterson Belknap 
 Paul Weiss 
 Proskauer Rose 
 Robins Kaplan 
 Skadden 
 Sullivan & Cromwell 
 White & Case 
 WilmerHale 
 Winston & Strawn 
 COMPANIES 
 3M Co. 
 AbbVie Inc. 
 Acreage Holdings Inc. 
 Allergen PLC 
 Amazon.com Inc. 
 American Bankruptcy 
 Institute 
 American Bar Association 
 American Civil Liberties 
 Union 
 American International 
 Group Inc. 
 Amgen Inc. 
 Apple Inc. 
 Campaign Legal Center 
 Canopy Growth Corp. 
 Center for Justice 
 Chevron Corp. 
 Cognizant Technology 
 Solutions Corp. 
 Coherus BioSciences Inc. 
 Exxon Mobil Corp. 
 Facebook Inc. 
 Google Inc. 
 ImClone Systems Inc. 
 Johnson & Johnson 
 Martha Stewart Living 
 Omnimedia, Inc. 
 Morgan Stanley 
 Motorola Solutions Inc. 
 New Jersey State Bar 
 Association 
 New York Civil Liberties 
 Union 
 EFTA00032304
New York Law School 
 New York State Bar 
 Association 
 New York University 
 Nike Inc. 
 Pennsylvania Bar 
 Association 
 Repligen Corporation 
 San Francisco 49ers 
 Spotify Technology SA 
 Teva Pharmaceutical 
 Industries Ltd. 
 The Gap Inc. 
 Twitter Inc. 
 University of Iowa 
 Validus Holdings Ltd. 
 YMCA of the USA 
 GOVERNMENT 
 AGENCIES 
 California Supreme Court 
 Committee on Foreign 
 Investment in the United 
 States 
 Congressional Budget 
 Office 
 Congressional Research 
 Service 
 European Securities and 
 Markets Authority 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Florida Attorney General's 
 Office 
 Food and Drug 
 Administration 
 New Jersey Supreme Court 
 Ohio Supreme Court 
 Pennsylvania Supreme 
 Court 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for 
 the Eleventh Circuit 
 U.S. Department of 
 Education 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of Labor 
 EFTA00032305
U.S. Department of State 
 U.S. District Court for the 
 District of Arizona 
 U.S. District Court for the 
 Northern District of Texas 
 U.S. Forest Service 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 Not sire if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort, 
 you may unsubscribe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries. please call +1.646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360 I Portfolio Media. Inc. 111 West 19th Street 5th Floor. New York. NY 10011 
 EFTA00032306
From: The Am Law Daily from The American Lawyer <theamericanlawyer@alm.com> 
 To: cj 
 Subject: What the U.S. Can Learn From the U.K. Foray Into Nonlawyer Ownership 
 Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2020 11:01:35 +0000 
 View in Browser 
 The American Lawyer 
 Daily Alert 
 Feb 25, 2020 
 POWERED BY LAW COM 
 A MESSAGE FROM THE EDITOR 
 The push to deregulate law firm ownership rules is gaining 
 steam. What makes this time around different? And what 
 would changes in the rules mean for law firms, ALSPs, the 
 Big Four, clients and beyond? With access to justice at its 
 core, these efforts have implications for much more, but 
 many law firm leaders aren't concerned or don't know what 
 they'd do with a cash infusion if they got one. Dan Packel 
 and Dylan Jackson dive into all of these angles, with accompanying pieces from our 
 global newsroom on what the U.S. can learn from jurisdictions that have 
 deregulated and what specific policies are being explored in states across the 
 country. 
 — Gina Passarella, Editor-in-Chief, The American Lawyer 
 What the U.S. Can Learn From the U.K. 
 Foray Into Nonlawyer Ownership 
 The U.K.'s stilted but successful experience 
 offers instructive lessons for a U.S. market on 
 the cusp... Read More 
 ;2, 
 EFTA00032307
Beating  the Pack on Client Demand, 
 Mayer Brown Boosts Revenue,  Profits 
 The firm plans to emphasize U.S. growth in 
 coming years, especially in California and New 
 York. Read More 
 LAW FIRMS - LARGE NEWS 
 Deal Watch: In the Home Stretch for 
 Sprint and T-Mobile 
 By Patrick Smith 
 Now that a key court ruling and reworked deal 
 terms have the mega-deal back on track, here's 
 a look back... Read More 
 REGULATION NEWS 
 From California to D.C.,  These Are the Proposals for Reforming  Law Firm 
 Ownership 
 By Dan Packel 
 EFTA00032308
Change is in the air as five jurisdictions 
 consider new regulations that could affect the 
 entire industry. Read More 
 BAR ASSOCIATIONS ANALYSIS 
 The Fight Over the Future of Law Firm 
 Ownership Has Put an Industry at Odds 
 By Dan Packel I Dylan Jackson 
 As regulators across the country take steps to 
 reform the industry in the name of access to 
 justice ... Read More 
 LAW FIRM MANAGEMENT NEWS 
 Duane Morris Posted Revenue,  Profit Gains While Courting Merger 
 By Lizzy McLellan 
 The firm grew revenue 3.8% and profits per equity partner 5.1% amid talks for its 
 recent combination... Read More 
 EFTA00032309
LAW FIRM COMPETITION NEWS 
 Baker Botts Posts Revenue Turnaround 
 After 2-Year Slide 
 By Brenda Sapino Jeffreys 
 Every department at the firm exceeded revenue 
 targets for 2019, managing partner John Martin 
 said. But... Read More 
 LAW FIRM PROFITABILITY NEWS 
 Debevoise Cracks $1B in Revenue in 
 Third Straight Year of Major Growth 
 By Jack Newsham 
 Debevoise managed to increase its profit 
 margin and its leverage in 2019. Read More 
 SAVE THE DATE 
 SuperConference 
 Join Hundreds of General Counsel and Senior Legal Leaders at the Premier Forum 
 Designed For and by General Counsel! SuperConference taking place on April 28-
 29, 2020 in Chicago, IL, delivers the key insights and practical solutions today's 
 EFTA00032310
C < < 
 >; 
 [Contractor] 
 Subject: SDFL Epstein-related documents 
 (USANYS) 
 We supervise the team in New York that is currently prosecuting Ghislaine Maxwell, and uggested 
 we reach out to you. As discussed briefly with men s an o er rwe are hoping to locate the boxes of documents and other records 
 regarding the prior SDFL investigation into Jeffrey Epstein and his co-conspirators that we understand are currently being 
 stored in the West Palm Beach office. In particular, we would like to make arrangements to review and scan those 
 materials in connection with our own case, an' suggested that we touch base with you on how best to do so. 
 I've copied the trial team here. Please let us know if you have time for a call in the near future to discuss further. 
 Alternatively, if there is a more appropriate point of contact on this issue, please feel free to point us in that direction. 
 Thanks very much, 
 Chief, Public Corruption Unit 
 U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00031915
U.S. Department of Justice 
 United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 life Silvio 1 Mollo Building 
 Nex• York, New York 10007 
 December 3, 2020 
 BY FEDERAL EXPRESS 
 MDC—Metropolitan Detention Center 
 al D artment 
 Brooklyn, NY 11232 
 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
 The password for the drive containing discovery materials pertinent to Ghislaine Maxwell 
 (02879-509) is 
 by: 
 Very truly yours, 
 AUDREY STRAUSS 
 Acting United States Attorney 
 Assistant United States Attorneys
 EFTA00031951
general counsel need to manage and better 
 leverage C-Suite relationships, prevent/mitigate 
 the risks of a cyber attack, successfully 
 overcome a litigation crisis, do more with fewer 
 resources and MUCH MORE! Learn More 
 RESOURCES 
 How Machine Learning  Technology Improves M&A Deal Points 
 Sponsored by: Kira Systems 
 This study demonstrates how to analyze, streamline, and extract meaningful value 
 from your contract database, with specific examples around M&A deal points. Learn 
 More 
 Today: Join Our Analysts and Editors for a Behind-the-Scenes Look at 
 2020 Trends 
 This live discussion brings together the data with the human intelligence our teams 
 get from the deep ties to our communities. Hear what we expect for 2020. Learn 
 More 
 MORE FROM THE ALM NETWORK 
 Legal Department Leak Leads to Insider Trading Charges Against AIG 
 Employee I Corporate Counsel 
 In two separate, unrelated complaints the SEC is cracking down on misconduct in 
 the legal department... Read More 
 Shearman's Investment Funds Group Leader Moves To Willkie  I  New York 
 Law Journal 
 New York Law Journal 
 Laura Friedrich, who led Shearman's investment funds group, said clients had 
 reacted positively to her... Read More 
 Ex -Partner of Plaintiffs Securities Firm Alleges Gender Discrimination in 
 New Suit  I  New York Law Journal 
 EFTA00032311
New York Law Journal 
 Amy Miller, formerly of Levi & Korsinsky, claims she was given smaller bonuses than 
 some of the associates... Read More 
 ;11 
 APPLY FOR A JOB POWERED BY LAVVJOBS CON1 
 Associate Attorney - Manhattan 
 SMITH MAZURE. P.C. — New York, New York 
 Managing  Attorney - Long  Island 
 EUSTACE, MARQUEZ, EPSTEIN, PREZIOSO & YAPCHANYK — Long Island, New York 
 No - Fault Attorney- Entry Level 
 LAW OFFICES OF RUBIN & NAZARIAN — Long Island City, New York 
 Attorney Wanted 
 Confidential — Flushing, New York 
 Litigation Attorney- Manhattan 
 DONOVAN HATEM LLP — New York, New York 
 Corporate Associate Attorney 
 Carpenter Legal Search. Inc. — Columbus. Ohio 
 Litigation Associate 
 Manko Gold Katcher & Fox LLP — Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania 
 Regulatory Associate 
 Manko Gold Katcher & Fox LLP — Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania 
 EFTA00032312
Seeking Litigation Attorney For Contract Opportunity. 
 The Partners Group — Atlanta, Georgia 
 Forward to a Friend 
 CONNECT WITH THE AMERICAN LAWYER 
 Gr Gr 
 This newsletter was sent to 
 Unsubscribe I Email Preferences I About Us F Privacy Policy 
 Copyright © 2020 ALM Media Properties, LLC. 
 All Rights Reserved. 
 gIALM Media LLC 
 150 E 42nd St I New York. NY 1001711-877 256.2472 
 Ads powered by 
 Livelntent 
 EFTA00032313
From: Bruce Barket <bbarket(Oarketepstein.com>
 To: (USANYS)"  
 Cc: USANYS)" 
 Subject: RE: update 
 Date: Wed, 26 Feb 2020 18:03:49 +0000 
 12,usdoj.gov> 
 So maybe my trial judge's ears were ringing. I just got a renewed scheduling order giving us March 4th off. So, no issue 
 for next week. 
 But, I am obviously still curious about your progress. We have deliberately sat on the sidelines since your appointment, 
 but have quite a bit of information, documents, emails, est that may be relevant depending on your needs. 
 Bruce A. Barket, Esq. 
 Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea & LoTurco, LLP 
 666 Old Country Road , Ste. 700 
 Garden City, NY 11530 
 (516) 745 1500 [P1 (516) 745 1245 [F] 
 www.barketepstein.com 
 This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear 
 that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, 
 distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, 
 please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
 From:I USANYS) 
 Sent: Tuesday, February 25, 2020 1:20 PM 
 To: Bruce Barket <bbarket@barketepstein.com> 
 Cc: Graff, Ilan (USANYS) < 
 Subject: RE: update 
 @usdoj.gov> 
 Bruce, 
 We will be in a better position to answer your question tomorrow and will plan on getting back to you then. Hopefully, 
 that does not cause too much of an inconvenience. 
 Thanks, 
 Margery 
 From: Bruce Barket <bbarket@barketepstein.com>
 Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 1:20 PM 
 To: USANYS)pusa.dol,gcao 
 Subject: update 
 Good afternoon, 
 I am writing because my trial which was supposed to begin today has been moved to March 3rd. I asked the Court (EDNY) 
 for March 4th off so I would be able to attend the status conference for Mr. Tartaglione and I explained briefly that there 
 was a Curcio issue. That application was denied. 
 So, I am wondering if you will be requesting more time to continue to review material and presumably get input from our 
 firm. If so, then it may make sense to adjourn the conference. If you don't need more time, then I may make another 
 EFTA00032314
request or ask Judge Karas to help. I don't think there is much else that will be done next week other than address the 
 Curcio issue. 
 Thank you. 
 Bruce A. Barket, Esq. 
 Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea & LoTurco, LLP 
 666 Old Country Road , Ste. 700 
 Garden City, NY 11530 
 (516) 745 1500 (PJ (516) 745 1245 [F] 
 www.barketepstein.com 
 This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear 
 that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, 
 distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, 
 please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
 EFTA00032315
From: ' (USANYS)" 
 To: "a"
 Subject: Epstein 
 Date: Fri, 10 May 2019 15:49:13 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 How is the shortened memo coming? is apparently leaving around 2 and would like to get it down before she 
 leaves, if possible. 
 Co -Chief, Public Corruption Unit 
 U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
 Southern District of New York 
 Tel. 
 EFTA00032316
From:Access to Justice Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To:< 
 Subject:How Litigation Funding Can Save, And Doom, Poor Plaintiffs 
 Date:Mon, 13 May 2019 12:17:55 +0000 
 ; t ;',Law36 
 0 Access 
 to 
 Justice 
 Access to Justice 
 I5 arge 
 How Litigation Funding Can Save, And Doom, Poor Plaintiffs 
 Companies that give cash advances on lawsuit settlements can help plaintiffs in 
 need, but few are watching this growing industry, leaving a vulnerable population 
 at the mercy of largely unregulated lenders. 
 Read full article 
 Man Beats Murder Charge, And Odds, By Helming Own Case 
 Eight years into what ultimately became a nearly 13-year prison stint, Hassan 
 Bennett made the rare and often criticized choice to take over as his own 
 counsel as he fought charges for a murder he insisted he didn't commit. This 
 month, however, he finally became a free man. 
 Read full article 
 Can Online 'Pajama Courts' Reshape Justice? 
 At any given hour of the day, someone in Utah could be wearing pajamas, sitting 
 in bed, sipping a coffee — and handling a legal dispute over a 5500 debt. 
 Read full article 
 Legal Aid Groups Think Bold To Fill Rural Gaps 
 Living in a vast state where wide swaths of land are unreachable by road, many 
 Alaskans lack regular access to police, courts and the legal services that 
 concentrate in urban areas. To combat the problem, the Alaska Legal Services 
 Corp. had to accept one fundamental fact. 
 Read full article 
 Female Defenders Decry Handling Of 'Heinous' Sex Conduct 
 A lawsuit against Cook County, Illinois is forcing a discussion on how to protect 
 female public defenders from sexual harassment when they visit clients in 
 Monday, May 13, 2019 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Adams and Reese 
 Akerman 
 Akin Gump 
 Allen Matkins 
 Alston & Bird 
 Archer & Greiner 
 Arent Fox 
 Armstrong Teasdale 
 Arnall Golden 
 Arnold & Porter 
 Ashcraft & Gerel 
 Atkinson Andelson 
 Babst Calland 
 Baker Botts 
 Baker Donelson 
 Baker McKenzie 
 BakerHostetler 
 Balch & Bingham 
 Ballard Spahr 
 Banner & Witcoff 
 Barack Ferrazzano 
 Barasch McGarry 
 Barclay Damon 
 Barnes & Thornburg 
 Bass Berry 
 Becker & Poliakoff 
 Benesch Friedlander 
 Bernstein Shur 
 Berry Appleman 
 EFTA00032317
courthouse detention facilities and jails. 
 Read full article 
 Haggis Case Tests Boundaries Of NYC Gender Violence Law 
 An appellate case in New York involving rape allegations against movie director 
 Paul Haggis is serving as a showcase for a New York City law against gender-
 motivated violence, which supporters of the accuser say covers a wider 
 spectrum of crimes than Haggis wants the court to believe. 
 Read full article 
 Mass. Justices Won't Force Probes For Juror Language Bias 
 Judges aren't required to probe potential jurors for bias against non-English 
 speakers in criminal cases where a defendant uses an interpreter, the 
 Massachusetts Supreme Court has ruled, though it urged judges to do so when 
 asked. 
 Read full article 
 Getting Random With Harvard A2J Lab's Greiner 
 Jim Greiner, director of Harvard University's Access to Justice Lab, wants to 
 bring randomized controlled trials to the practice of law. He says the results 
 could change the delivery of legal services and help those unable to afford 
 lawyers. 
 Read full article 
 Perspectives 
 Calif. Lawmakers Should Stay Out Of USC Sex Abuse Case 
 A pending settlement between the University of Southern California and 17,000 
 former students would resolve claims over the actions of a sexually abusive 
 gynecologist. But proposed state legislation could undermine the settlement, 
 says Shook Hardy partner Phil Goldberg, director of the Progressive Policy 
 Institute's Center for Civil Justice. 
 Read full article 
 Best Best & Krieger 
 Beveridge & Diamond 
 Bingham Greenebaum 
 Blank Rome 
 Boies Schiller 
 Bond Schoeneck 
 Bose McKinney 
 Bowles Rice 
 Bowman and Brooke 
 Bracewell 
 Bradley Arant 
 Bressler Amery 
 Bricker & Eckler 
 Briggs and Morgan 
 Brinks Gilson & Lione 
 Brown & James 
 Brown Rudnick 
 Brownstein Hyatt 
 Bryan Cave 
 Buchanan Ingersoll 
 Buckley LLP 
 Burke Williams 
 Burns & Levinson 
 Burns White 
 Burr & Forman 
 Butler Snow LLP 
 Butler Weihmuller 
 Butzel Long 
 Cahill Gordon 
 Calfee Halter 
 Carlton Fields 
 Carr Allison 
 Chamberlain Hrdlicka 
 Chapman and Cutler 
 Chiesa Shahinian 
 Cipriani & Werner 
 Cipriani and Werner 
 Clark Hill 
 Cleary Gottlieb 
 Cohen & Grigsby 
 Cole Schotz 
 Cole Scott 
 Connell Foley 
 EFTA00032318
Conner & Winters 
 Conroy Simberg 
 Constangy Brooks 
 Cox Castle 
 Cozen O'Connor 
 Crowe & Dunlevy 
 Crowell & Moring 
 Crowley Fleck 
 Cullen & Dykman 
 Curtis Mallet-Prevost 
 DLA Piper 
 Davis & Gilbert 
 Davis Graham 
 Davis Polk 
 Davis Wright Tremaine 
 Day Pitney 
 Debevoise & Plimpton 
 Dechert 
 Dentons 
 Desai Law Firm PC 
 Dickie McCamey 
 Dickinson Wright 
 Dilworth Paxson 
 Dinsmore & Shohl 
 Dorsey & Whitney 
 Drew Eckl 
 Drinker Biddle 
 Duane Morris 
 Eckert Seamans 
 Edelson PC 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 Eversheds Sutherland 
 Farella Braun 
 Fennemore Craig 
 Fenwick & West 
 Fish & Richardson 
 Fisher Phillips 
 FisherBroyles 
 Foley & Lardner 
 Foley & Mansfield 
 Foley Hoag 
 FordHarrison 
 Foster Pepper 
 EFTA00032319
Foster Swift 
 Fox Rothschild 
 Fredrikson & Byron 
 Freeborn & Peters 
 Fried Frank 
 Frost Brown Todd 
 Galloway Johnson 
 Garvey Schubert 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Godfrey & Kahn 
 Goldberg Segalla 
 Goodwin 
 Gordon & Rees 
 Goulston & Storrs 
 Gray Plant Mooty 
 Gray Reed 
 GrayRobinson 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Greensfelder Hemker 
 Greenspoon Marder 
 Gunster 
 Hahn Loeser 
 Hall Booth 
 Hall Estill 
 Hall Render 
 Halloran & Sage 
 Hanna, Brophy, MacLean, 
 McAleer & Jensen, LLP 
 Hanson Bridgett 
 Harness Dickey 
 Harris Beach 
 Harter Secrest 
 Hawkins Pamell 
 Haynes and Boone 
 Haynsworth Sinkler 
 HeplerBroom LLC 
 Herrick Feinstein 
 Heyl Royster 
 Hinckley Allen 
 Hinshaw & Culbertson 
 Hodgson Russ 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Holland & Hart 
 Holland & Knight 
 EFTA00032320
From: '  r<I 
 To: a" <1 
 • 
 Subject: FW: Letter re: Briefing Schedule 
 Date: Fri, 04 Dec 2020 16:57:40 +0000 
 Attachments: 2020.12.04_Letter_tojudge_Nathan_re_Briefing_Schedule.DOCX 
 Inline-Images: image005.jpg; image006.jpg 
 (USANYS)" 
 Fine with me. Any issues on your end? 
 From: Christian Everdell .cM> 
 Sent: Friday, December 4, 2020 11:44 AM 
 To: 
 (USANYS) ‹> 
 Cc: Mark S. Cohen c:.; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' 
 Subject: Letter re: Briefing Schedule 
 and M—
 >.; 
 Attached is a draft of the letter to Judge Nathan regarding the briefing schedule. Unless you have any comments, we will 
 send it to the judge in the next hour or so. 
 Thanks, 
 Chris 
 Christian R Everdell 
 COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
 view bio 
 . ....N.cohengresser.com 
 New York I Paris I Washington DC I London 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and/or privileged. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially by only 
 the individual named above. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient. you are hereby notified that any 
 review. dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error. please immediately notify 
 the sender by telephone and permanently delete this e-mail. Thank you. 
 PRIVACY: A complete copy of our privacy policy can be viewed at: https:/Avww.cohengressercom/privacy-policy
 EFTA00031952
Howard & Howard 
 Hughes Hubbard 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth 
 Husch Blackwell 
 Ice Miller 
 Well & Manella 
 Jackson Kelly 
 Jackson Lewis 
 Jackson Walker 
 Jaffe Rant 
 Jeffer Mangels 
 Jenner & Block 
 Johnson & Bell 
 Johnson Trent 
 Jomarron Lopez 
 Jones Day 
 Jones Walker 
 K&L Gates 
 Kasowitz Benson 
 Katten Muchin 
 Katz Marshall 
 Kaufman Borgeest 
 Kaufman Dolowich 
 Kean Miller 
 Keating Muething 
 Kelley Drye 
 Kelley Kronenberg 
 Kelly Hart 
 Kilpatrick Townsend 
 King & Spalding 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Kirton McConkie 
 Knobbe Martens 
 Kramer Levin 
 Kutak Rock 
 Lane Powell 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Lathrop Gage 
 Laughlin Falbo 
 LeClairRyan 
 Lenczner Slaght 
 Lewis Brisbois 
 Lewis Rice 
 EFTA00032321
Lewis Roca 
 Linebarger Goggan 
 Liskow & Lewis 
 Litchfield Cavo 
 Littler Mendelson 
 Locke Lord 
 Loeb & Loeb 
 Lowenstein Sandler 
 Lozano Smith 
 Lucas Magazine 
 Lydecker Diaz 
 Manatt Phelps 
 Manning & Kass 
 Margolis Edelstein 
 Marshall Dennehey 
 Mayer Brown 
 Maynard Cooper 
 McAfee & Taft 
 McAngus Goudelock 
 McCalla Raymer 
 McCarter & English 
 McDonald Hopkins 
 McElroy Deutsch 
 McGlinchey Stafford 
 McGuireWoods 
 McKool Smith 
 McLane Middleton 
 McNees 
 Michael Best 
 Miles & Stockbridge 
 Miller & Martin 
 Miller Canfield 
 Miller Nash 
 Mitchell Silberberg 
 Mitchell Williams 
 Modus Law 
 MoloLamken LLP 
 Montgomery McCracken 
 Moore & Van Allen 
 Morgan & Morgan 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Morris Bart 
 Morris Manning 
 EFTA00032322
Morrison & Foerster 
 Morrison Cohen 
 Morrison Mahoney 
 Munger Tolles 
 Munsch Hardt 
 Neal Gerber 
 Nelson Mullins 
 Nexsen Pruet 
 Nixon Peabody 
 Norris McLaughlin 
 Norton Rose Fulbright 
 Nutter McClennen 
 Obermayer Rebmann 
 Offit Kurman 
 Ogletree Deakins 
 Orrick Herrington 
 Parker Poe 
 Parsons Behle 
 Patterson Belknap 
 Paul Hastings 
 Paul Weiss 
 Peckar & Abramson 
 Pepper Hamilton 
 Perkins Coie 
 Phelps Dunbar 
 Phillips Lytle 
 Pierce Atwood 
 Plunkett Cooney 
 Polsinelli 
 Porter Hedges 
 Porter Wright 
 Post & Schell 
 Poyner Spruill 
 Procopio Cory 
 Proskauer Rose 
 Pryor Cashman 
 Quarles & Brady 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Quintairos Prieto 
 Rawle & Henderson 
 Reed Smith 
 Reinhart Boerner 
 Richards Layton 
 EFTA00032323
Riker Danzig 
 Rivkin Radler 
 Robbins Geller 
 Robins Kaplan 
 Robinson & Cole 
 Robinson Bradshaw 
 Roetzel & Andress 
 Ropers Majeski 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Rutan & Tucker 
 Sandberg Phoenix 
 Sanford Heisler 
 Saul Ewing 
 Schiff Hardin 
 Schnader Harrison 
 Schulte Roth 
 Schwabe Williamson 
 Schwegman Lundberg 
 Segal McCambridge 
 Seward & Kissel 
 Seyfarth Shaw 
 Shearman & Sterling 
 Sheppard Mullin 
 Sherman & Howard 
 Shipman & Goodwin 
 Shook Hardy 
 Shumaker Loop 
 Shuns & Bowen 
 Sidley Austin 
 Sills Cummis 
 Simmons Hanly 
 Simpson Thacher 
 Sirote & Permutt 
 Skadden 
 Smith Anderson 
 Smith Gambrell 
 SmithAmundsen LLC 
 Snell & Wilmer 
 Spencer Fane 
 Spilman Thomas 
 Squire Patton Boggs 
 Steams Weaver 
 Steptoe & Johnson LLP 
 EFTA00032324
Steptoe & Johnson PLLC 
 Sterne Kessler 
 Stevens & Lee 
 Stinson Leonard 
 Stites & Harbison 
 Stoel Rives 
 Stoll Keenon 
 Stradley Ronon 
 Stradling Yocca 
 Strasburger & Price 
 Sullivan & Cromwell 
 Sullivan & Worcester 
 Susman Godfrey 
 Swanson Martin 
 Swift Currie 
 Taft Stettinius 
 Taylor English 
 Thompson & Knight 
 Thompson Cobum 
 Thompson Coe 
 Thompson Hine 
 Troutman Sanders 
 Tucker Ellis 
 Tyson & Mendes 
 Ulmer & Beme 
 Vedder Price 
 Venable LLP 
 Vemis & Bowling 
 Verrill Dana 
 Vinson & Elkins 
 Vorys Sater 
 Wachtell Lipton 
 Waller Lansden 
 Warner Norcross 
 Weber Gallagher 
 Weitz & Luxenberg 
 Wheeler Trigg 
 White & Case 
 White and Williams 
 Whiteford Taylor 
 Wiggin and Dana 
 Wilentz Goldman 
 Wiley Rein 
 EFTA00032325
Williams & Connolly 
 Williams Mullen 
 WilmerHale 
 Wilson Elser 
 Wilson Sonsini 
 Windels Marx 
 Winstead PC 
 Winston & Strawn 
 Winthrop & Weinstine 
 Wolf Greenfield 
 Womble Bond Dickinson 
 Wood Smith 
 Woods Oviatt 
 Wyatt Tarrant 
 Young Conaway 
 Zuckerman Spaeder 
 von Briesen 
 COMPANIES 
 Altman Weil Inc. 
 Ameren Corp. 
 American Bar Association 
 American Civil Liberties 
 Union 
 American Electric Power 
 Co. Inc. 
 Apple Inc. 
 BTI Consulting Group Inc. 
 BuzzFeed Inc. 
 DTE Energy Co. 
 Defender Association of 
 Philadelphia 
 Deloitte Touche 
 Deutsche Bank AG 
 Facebook 
 FirstEnergy Corp. 
 GlaxoSmithKline 
 Google Inc. 
 Huawei Technologies 
 International Association of 
 Privacy Professionals 
 Kirkland's, Inc. 
 Meritor Inc. 
 NFL Enterprises LLC 
 EFTA00032326
National Women's Law 
 Center 
 New York Times Co. 
 New York Yankees 
 Pew Charitable Trusts 
 Pinterest Inc. 
 Platinum Partners LP 
 Sephora SA 
 Spotify Technology SA 
 T -Mobile USA Inc. 
 The Southern Company 
 Inc. 
 UnitedLex Corp. 
 Verizon Communications 
 Inc. 
 Vistra Energy Corp. 
 ZTE Corp. 
 GOVERNMENT 
 AGENCIES 
 California Supreme Court 
 Consumer Financial 
 Protection Bureau 
 Federal Reserve System 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Legal Services Corp. 
 New York Attorney 
 General's Office 
 Office of Foreign Assets 
 Control 
 Ontario Securities 
 Commission 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 Social Security 
 Administration 
 Tennessee Valley Authority 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Environmental 
 Protection Agency 
 U.S. House Committee on 
 Energy and Commerce 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 EFTA00032327
Not size if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort. 
 you may unsubscribe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360 I Portfolio Media. Inc. 111 West 19th Street. 5th Floor. New York. NY 10011 
 EFTA00032328
From: l']" alMIE> 
 To: "a" <IMIE> 
 Subject: scan 
 Date: Thu, 24 Oct 2019 17:45:36 +0000 
 Attachments: Epstein_Victims_Attendees,_Agenda.pdf 
 Paralegal Specialist 
 U.S. Attorney's Office I SDNY 
 Office: 
 Cell: ■ 
 EFTA00032329
From: Gloria Allred  
 To:' r  
 Subject: RE: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of 
 Epstein. She is willing to fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you 
 at 5:45 P.M. to discuss ? 
 Date: Tue, 22 Oct 2019 18:56:26 +0000 
 Inline-Images: image00 ljpg; image002.png 
 Please cancel for today. Sorry. 
 Gloria Allred 
 Allred, Maroko & Goldberg 
 6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500 
 Los Angeles, CA 90048 
 www.amglaw.corn 
 www.gloriaallred.com 
 Best Lawyers 
 marundk•iiubbelr 
 PREEMINENT' 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 11:54 AM 
 To: Gloria Allred < 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly to 
 New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss ? 
 Gloria, 
 Is still available for our 4pm call, or do we need to reschedule? 
 Thanks, 
 On Oct 22, 2019, at 12:26 PM, 
 c › 
 wrote: 
 Ok thanks, please keep us posted. We are happy to accommodate schedule. 
 And yes, we can speak with 
 handling that meeting. 
 at your office from noon to 1pm tomorrow. will be the AUSA 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032330
From: 
 r t aMIE> 
 To: MM." 
 Bcc: "USAHUB-USAJouma1111" 
 Subject: FW: SDNY case 
 Date: Fri, 04 Dec 2020 19:24:18 +0000 
 Embedded: FW:_SDNY_case.msg 
 (USANYS)" 
 Sender: 
 Subject: FW: SDNY case 
 Messa e-Id: 
 To: 
 To: 
 EFTA00031953
l St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: Gloria Allred 
 Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 12:24 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly 
 to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss ? 
 Just a heads up. I think she is needing to reschedule and is cancelling for today. I will let you know a.s.a.p. or by 2P.M. at 
 the latest. Sorry. Also, re for tomorrow.can you speak to her from noon to 1 P.M. at my office at 305 
 Broadway? I need to leave at 1P.M. to catch the train to D.C. 
 Gloria Allred 
 Allred, Maroko & Goldberg 
 6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500 
 Los An eles CA 90048 
 www. gloriaallred. corn 
 <image003.jpg> 
 <image004.png> 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 8:19 AM 
 To: Gloria Allred 
 Cc: ll 
 . (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Subject: Re: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly 
 to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss ? 
 Hi Gloria, 
 We are find with a conference call this afternoon if that is ok with your client. We can use the below dial-in: 
 Passeode 
 And your proposed time for 
 Thanks, 
 interview works on our end. 
 On Oct 21, 2019, at 8:11 PM, Gloria Allred < > wrote: 
 I have 2 questions. First, would it be o.k. with all of you if we did the call with =tomorrow at 4P.M. e.s.t as a 
 conference call rather than as a Skype call? We will be in at least 4 different locations and I think it will be easier if we 
 did it that way. If so, please send us the number to dial. Daniel from my co counsel Marianne Wang's office will also be 
 joining us on the call. Also ,re =, my client who is flying in for victim services will be happy to speak with you, but I 
 EFTA00032331
have a very tight schedule on Wednesday, because I need to be on a 1 or at the latest 2 P.M. train to D.C. that day. 
 Could we have the meeting from noon to 1P.M.? My office is only one block away from the FBI meeting. 
 Gloria Allred 
 Allred, Maroko & Goldberg 
 6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500 
 Los An eles CA 90048 
 www.gloriaallred.com 
 <image001.jpg> 
 <image002.png> 
 From: < 
 Sent: Monday, October 21, 2019 6:40 AM 
 To: Gloria Allred < 
 Cc: . (NY) (FBI) 
 Subject: RE: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to 
 fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss ? 
 Gloria, 
 We will make ourselves available to meet with your new client on 10/23. Because the victim meeting is being run by 
 the FBI, their victim services folks are handling travel logistics. I'm cc'ing who should be able to 
 hopefully help coordinate travel. Would you please provide with your new client's name as it appears on her 
 ID, date of birth, email address, and phone number? 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 I St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: Gloria Allred 
 Sent: Friday, October 18, 2019 5:02 PM 
 To: < 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly to 
 New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss ? 
 EFTA00032332
Gloria Allred 
 Allred, Maroko & Goldberg 
 6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500 
 Los An eles CA 90048 
 www.gloriaallred.com 
 <image003.jpg> 
 <image004.png> 
 This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the 
 addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS 
 COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
 NAMED ABOVE AT Thank you. 
 This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the 
 addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS 
 COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
 NAMED ABOVE AT Thank you. 
 This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the 
 addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS 
 COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
 ABOVE AT Thank you. 
 This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the 
 addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS 
 COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
 ABOVE AT Thank you. 
 EFTA00032333
RECEIPT 
 orb 
 $43.10 
 $26.00 Fare 
 STAND. CITY RATE) - 8.61 nu 
 Toll $6.12 
 Congestion Surcharge $2.50 
 Extras $0.50 
 Service Fee $0.00 
 State Surcharge $0.50 
 Improvement Surcharge $0.30 
 Tip $7.18 
 Subtotal $43.10 
 Curb Credos 
 $0.00 
 Total $43.10 
 Pickup 
 Dropoff 
 Confirmation fiMUIR46 
 Serviced by 
 Curb 
 Driver: 
 Need Help? htto://su000rt.gocurb.com/ 
 November 04 at 5:49 AM 
 Confirmation 
 EFTA00032334
From: "Hudgens, Johanna Rae" C> 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: 
 Date: 
 Importance: 
 Attachments: 
 Jaffe" < >, "Calvar, Cristina I." < 
 >, 
 SDNY Grand Jury Subpoena Dated July 5, 2019 issued to 
 Wed, 06 Nov 2019 17:54:43 +0000 
 Normal 
 unnamed 
 >, "Bloom, Suzanne 
 Telephone: 
 Code: 
 The contents of this message may be privileged and confidential. If this message has been received in error, please delete it without 
 reading it. Your receipt of this message is not intended to waive any applicable privilege. Please do not disseminate this message 
 without the permission of the author. Any tax advice contained in this email was not intended to be used, and cannot be used, by you (or 
 any other taxpayer) to avoid penalties under applicable tax laws and regulations. 
 EFTA00032335
Event: SDNY Grand Jury Subpoena Dated July 5, 2019 issued to 
 Start Date: 2019-11-07 18:00:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2019-11-07 18:30:00 +0000 
 Organizer: Hudgens, Johanna Rae <JHudgens@winston.com> 
 Location: 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Date Created: 2019-11-06 18:09:02 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2019-11-06 18:09:02 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2019-11-06 17:54:42 +0000 
 Attendee: < >; Bloom, Suzanne Jaffe 
 >; Calvar, Cristina I. < 
 Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
 Reminder 
 Telephone: 
 The contents of this message may be privileged and confidential. If this message has been 
 received in error, please delete it without reading it. Your receipt of this message is not intended 
 to waive any applicable privilege. Please do not disseminate this message without the 
 permission of the author. Any tax advice contained in this email was not intended to be used, 
 and cannot be used, by you (or any other taxpayer) to avoid penalties under applicable tax laws 
 and regulations. 
 EFTA00032336
From: " 
 )" c)* 
 To: "Hudgens, Johanna Rae" C> 
 Subject: Accepted: SDNY Grand Jury Subpoena Dated July 5, 2019 issued to 
 Date: Wed, 06 Nov 2019 18:17:46 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00032337
Event: Accepted: SDNY Grand Jury Subpoena Dated July 5, 2019 issued to 
 Start Date: 2019-11-07 18:00:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2019-11-07 18:30:00 +0000 
 Location: 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Comment: 
 Date Created: 2019-11-06 18:38:45 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2019-11-06 18:38:45 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2019-11-06 18:17:46 +0000 
 Attendee: Hudgens, Johanna Rae ‹> 
 EFTA00032338
From: ' 
 To: ' 
 Cc: "-
 Subject: Re: Epstein 
 Date: Thu, 07 Nov 2019 14:59:39 +0000 
 11:30 good for me too 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Nov 7, 2019, at 09:58, 
 Works for me, thanks. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Nov 7, 2019, at 9:47 AM, 
 11:30 ok? 
 On Nov 7, 2019, at 9:44 AM, 
 > wrote: 
 ) < 
 > wrote: 
 wrote: 
 I could do 11, but if you guys want to go ahead without me that's definitely fine, no worries. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Nov 7, 2019, at 9:42 AM, wrote: 
 I'm free now, either of you available? 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: ' 
 Date: November 7, 2019 at 9:41:51 AN] 1.1ST 
 TO: " 
 Subject: Epstein 
 Need 5-10 minutes this morning whenever some or all of you are free to follow up on our conversation last night. 
 I'm tied up from 10-10:30 and 12-12:30 but otherwise around. 
 EFTA00032339
From:
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: FW: Pnonties webpage -- draft 
 Date: The, 05 Nov 2019 21:47:53 +0000 
 Attachments: SDNY PRIORITIES DRAFT_Revised_11.5.19_nvb.docx 
 Resending to include 
 From: Stewart, Craig (USANYS) 
 Sent: Tuesday, November 5, 2019 4:37 PM 
 To: Strauss, Audrey (USANYS)  
 Subject: Priorities webpage -- draft 
 Attached for your review is a draft Priorities webpage. There are further edits to be made — some formatting (for 
 instance, putting dates in the right order or making sure that fonts and indentations are correct), some stylistic 
 (e.g., the Combatting Corruption entries each begin with language akin to a headline while the others do not), 
 and some more substantive (do we want to add or delete particular cases?). Also, the visuals that go with each 
 subpage have not been completed. In some instances, that's because Nick has not located visuals that he thinks 
 are usable or a good fit. In other places, he has identified visuals that he plans to add, but has yet to do so. That 
 said, many of the subpages do have visuals. In order to view the visuals for any subpage, you hit the "Ctrl" key 
 while clicking on the heading for the subpage — e.g., for Thwarting and Responding to Acts of Terror, you press 
 on the "Ctrl" key and click on the heading Thwarting and Responding to Acts of Terror. I've also attached a link 
 (below), which is easier to open for that subpage so that you can see how the subpages will look. Please let me 
 know if you have questions. Thanks. 
 Regards, 
 Craig 
 https://www.justice.gov/usao-sdny/thwarting-and-responding-acts-terror-and-enforcing-international-sanctions 
 EFTA00032340
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell 
 Date: Fri, 04 Dec 2020 21:40:48 +0000 
 Received, thank you. I plan to email this to chambers cc'ing and defense counsel. Will send 
 that email shortly. 
 Ori inal Messa e 
 From: 
 Sent: Frida , December 4, 2020 4:38 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell 
 See attached. I apologize for the inconvenience! 
 PM>>>
 In particular, there appears to be a track change that is included in the second page, which we are hoping you 
 could fix before we submit this to Judge Nathan. 
 " •cil=1.> 12/4/2020 3:21 
 We also were hoping to chat about some other issues, but even if that's not possible, we're hoping we can provide 
 the court with a clean copy without the track change. 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 New York NY 10007 
 Original Messa e 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, December 4, 2020 2:20 PM 
 EFTA00031954
From: Public Policy Law360 <news-q@law360.com> 
 To: 
 1 > 
 Subject: Judges Call Emergency Meeting After Stone Sentencing Swap 
 Date: Wed, 19 Feb 2020 09:24:03 +0000 
 aw360 Public 
 Policy 
 PUBLIC POLICY 
 These Award-Winning Lawyers and Law Students SET THE BAR for Excellent Writing 
 Law360 Proudly Sponsors The Burton Awards. LIVE, Wed. 2119 1 p.m. EST 
 Wednesday, February 19, 2020 ;IFollow Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Judges Call Emergency Meeting After Stone Sentencing Swap 
 A national association of federal judges has scheduled an emergency 
 meeting for Wednesday afternoon to discuss interference from the Trump 
 administration and Attorney General William P. Barr in politically sensitive 
 cases, following the sentencing upheaval in the criminal case against Trump 
 ally and longtime Republican political operative Roger Stone. 
 Read full article » 
 Kan. Judge Sanctioned For Sexual Harassment To Resign 
 A Kansas federal judge informed President Donald Trump on Tuesday that 
 he planned to step down, giving notice five months after he was reprimanded 
 amid allegations he sexually harassed judiciary employees, had an affair with 
 a felon and routinely showed up late to court. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 USPTO Walks Back Trademark Email Rule 
 The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has modified a controversial new rule 
 that requires trademark owners to post their email addresses on a public 
 database, aiming to mollify concerns that the rule could help stammers. 
 1 document attached Read full article 
 Trump Commutes Ex-III. Gov. Blagojevich's 14-Year Sentence 
 President Donald Trump commuted Rod Blagojevich's 14-year prison 
 sentence Tuesday, clearing the way for the former Illinois governor to leave 
 prison about four years before his scheduled release date. 
 Read full article » 
 Gov't Waives Contracting Laws To Speed Up Border Wall 
 The Trump administration said Tuesday that it will waive federal procurement 
 laws to speed up construction of a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, citing 
 high levels of unauthorized border crossings and drug trafficking. 
 Notice attached I Read full article » 
 EPA Internal Watchdog Says Mexico Border Program Failing 
 „Law360 Practice Groups of the 
 Year 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Aidala Bertuna 
 Akin Gump 
 Austin LLP 
 BakerHostetler 
 Bradley Arant 
 Bruce S. Rogow PA 
 Buschel & Gibbons 
 Cleary Gottlieb 
 Clifford Chance 
 Cohen Milstein 
 Cooch and Taylor 
 Cooley 
 Cravath Swaine 
 DLA Piper 
 Dentons 
 Earthjustice 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 Fenwick & West 
 Fisher Phillips 
 EFTA00032341
The internal watchdog arm of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
 released a report on Tuesday that criticized the regulator for shortcomings in 
 monitoring and implementing a bilateral program with Mexico aimed at 
 protecting the environment along the border. 
 Report attached I Read full article » 
 DC Circ. Wary That House Can't Sue Prez Over Funding Rows 
 The D.C. Circuit hammered the Trump administration Tuesday over its 
 position that the House of Representatives could never sue the executive 
 branch over funding disputes, slinging out a series of hypotheticals to test the 
 argument. 
 Read full article » 
 BANKING & SECURITIES 
 NCLA Backs Adviser's 11th Circ. Challenge Of SEC Judges 
 The New Civil Liberties Alliance has thrown its support behind another 
 challenger to the constitutionality of the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
 Commission's administrative law judges, this time in the Eleventh Circuit. 
 Petition attached I Read full article » 
 Bloomberg Proposes Wall Street Tax, Student Debt Relief 
 Democratic presidential hopeful Michael Bloomberg unveiled a plan Tuesday 
 that would impose a 0.1% tax on all financial transactions and make it easier 
 for college students to obtain student-loan debt relief. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 ENERGY & ENVIRONMENTAL 
 SC Remains In Fight Against Offshore Seismic Testing 
 A federal judge on Tuesday kept South Carolina in litigation challenging oil-
 and gas-related seismic testing off the Atlantic Coast and President Donald 
 Trump's pro-drilling executive order, saying the state's case resembles 
 litigation in Alaska where a judge invalidated portions of that executive order. 
 Memorandum attached I Read full article » 
 Enviros Say Species Are At Risk Under New Water Rule 
 The Trump administration illegally ignored the potential impact to endangered 
 species of a new water regulation that narrows the federal government's 
 permitting authority under the Clean Water Act, environmental groups said 
 Tuesday. 
 Notice attached I Read full article » 
 HEALTH & LIFE SCIENCES 
 GOP States Urge High Court To Skip ACA Row — Or Nuke Law 
 If the U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear an appeal by Democratic officials to 
 protect the Affordable Care Act, it should find that the law is unconstitutional, 
 Republican state attorneys general told the high court in a new petition. 
 Petition attached I Read full article » 
 IP & TECHNOLOGY 
 Al Offers 'Substantial' Pros At USPTO, But Not Without Risks 
 The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has been experimenting with using 
 artificial intelligence during examinations, and while there are "substantial" 
 benefits to such automation, a report released Tuesday said it raises risks 
 about due process and labor. 
 Fox Rothschild 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Gray Reed 
 Gunderson Dettmer 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Honigman LLP 
 Hull Barrett 
 Jenner & Block 
 Jones Day 
 Kellogg Hansen 
 Keogh Law Ltd. 
 Kilpatrick Townsend 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Lawyers' Committee for Civil 
 Rights 
 Levi & Korsinsky 
 Linklaters 
 Littler Mendelson 
 Lynn Pinker 
 Maduegbuna Cooper 
 Manatt Phelps 
 McDermott Will 
 McGuireWoods 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Morris James 
 Morris Nichols 
 Morrison & Foerster 
 Munger Tolles 
 Munsch Hardt 
 Orrick 
 Paduano & Weintraub 
 Porter Wright 
 Reed Smith 
 Richards Layton 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Rudman & Winchell 
 Sanford Heisler 
 Shearman & Sterling 
 Sidley Austin 
 Siebman Forrest 
 Silicon Legal Strategy 
 Skadden 
 The Consumer Protection Firm 
 Underwood Perkins 
 Vinson & Elkins 
 Weil Gotshal 
 White & Case 
 WilmerHale 
 Wilson Sonsini 
 EFTA00032342
Report attached I Read full article » 
 EMPLOYMENT 
 Restaurant Groups Can't Upend NYC Fair Workweek Law 
 A New York judge on Tuesday held that New York City's Fair Workweek Law 
 requiring fast-food businesses to give employees a two-week advance notice 
 of work schedules is valid, rejecting a challenge by several restaurant 
 industry groups that claimed it was preempted by state law. 
 Read full article » 
 COMPETITION 
 NY Won't Appeal T-Mobile/Sprint Merger Challenge Loss 
 A contingent of state-level enforcers challenging T-Mobile's purchase of 
 Sprint has lost one of its leaders, as New York's attorney general said her 
 office will not appeal a New York federal court ruling refusing to block the 
 planned $56 billion merger. 
 Read full article » 
 Former Teva Exec Calls AGs' Price-Fixing Claims 'Threadbare' 
 A former Teva executive has urged a Pennsylvania federal judge to toss 
 price-fixing accusations against her from a coalition of 44 state attorneys 
 general as part of multidistrict litigation alleging industrywide price-fixing by 
 generic -drug makers, blasting the claims as "threadbare." 
 Brief attached I Read full article » 
 CYBERSECURITY & PRIVACY 
 Texas Judge Rules Huawei Contracting Ban Is Constitutional 
 A Texas federal judge has tossed Huawei's challenge to a law barring federal 
 agencies from buying products made by the Chinese telecommunications 
 equipment giant, ruling Tuesday that the ban does not unconstitutionally 
 punish the company. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 11th Circ. Pressed To Reconsider Shrinking TCPA's Reach 
 A consumer who lost her appeal alleging Hilton Grand Vacations violated the 
 Telephone Consumer Protection Act with millions of automated telemarketing 
 calls asked the Eleventh Circuit to reconsider the ruling, arguing in a brief last 
 week that the decision bucks Congress' intent. 
 Petition attached I Read full article » 
 Internet Providers Sue Maine Over Data Privacy Restrictions 
 Several national trade groups representing internet service providers are 
 suing state officials in Maine federal court over a consumer privacy law 
 enacted in 2019, saying it ventures far afield of its stated goal of protecting 
 users' sensitive data. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 INTERNATIONAL TRADE 
 US Sanctions Russian Energy Broker Over Venezuela Ties 
 The Trump administration on Tuesday sanctioned a subsidiary of Russian 
 energy giant Rosneft for continuing to broker sales of Venezuelan oil in 
 defiance of a U.S. commercial embargo against the Venezuelan government. 
 Read full article » 
 COMPANIES 
 AT&T Inc. 
 Albertsons Companies LLC 
 Allergan PLC 
 Alvarez & Marsal Holdings LLC 
 American Bar Association 
 B.C. Strategy Ltd. 
 Bipartisan Policy Center 
 Boston Heart Diagnostics Corp. 
 Boy Scouts of America 
 Breckenridge Pharmaceutical Inc. 
 CTIA 
 Center for Biological Diversity 
 Cisco Systems Inc. 
 Conference of State Bank 
 Supervisors 
 Court Square Capital Partners LP 
 DISH Network LLC 
 Defenders of Wildlife 
 Deutsche Telekom AG 
 EisnerAmper LLP 
 Facebook Inc. 
 Financial Times Group Ltd. 
 Google Inc. 
 Hilton Worldwide Inc. 
 Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. 
 ISN Software Corp. 
 Imperva Inc. 
 International Business Machines 
 Corp. 
 International Franchise Association 
 Johnson & Johnson 
 Lannett Company, Inc 
 Linkedln Corp. 
 Los Angeles Times 
 Mylan NV 
 Natural Resources Defense 
 Council 
 New Civil Liberties Alliance 
 New Jersey State Bar Association 
 New York State Bar Association 
 New York University 
 Nike Inc. 
 Northeastern University 
 Novartis AG 
 PG&E Corp. 
 Parker Drilling Company 
 Pennsylvania Bar Association 
 Pfizer Inc. 
 Pogue Construction 
 ITC To Probe Economic Effect Of Renewable Energy In Mass. 
 EFTA00032343
The U.S. International Trade Commission is investigating the impact of 
 renewable energy imports on Massachusetts' economy, according to a 
 Federal Register notice to be published Wednesday. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article
 TAX 
 EU Adds Cayman Islands, 3 Others To Tax Haven Blacklist 
 The European Union Tuesday added the Cayman Islands and three other 
 jurisdictions to the list of countries it considers uncooperative on tax matters, 
 ending days of speculation about which territories would be on the updated 
 blacklist. 
 4 documents attached I Read full article » 
 BANKRUPTCY 
 Boy Scouts Of America Driven To Ch. 11 By Sex Abuse Claims 
 Citing a $150 million — and rising — burden of settlements with victims of 
 alleged sexual abuse, the Boy Scouts of America sought Chapter 11 
 protection in Delaware early Tuesday, proposing a long-term "mass tort" 
 compensation structure similar to that used for asbestos claims. 
 Read full article » 
 IMMIGRATION 
 DHS, USCIS Sanctioned For Wrongly Removing Immigrants 
 The U.S. Department of Homeland Security and U.S. Citizenship and 
 Immigration Services have been sanctioned for violating a preliminary 
 injunction in California federal court after they failed to warn a class of young 
 immigrants that U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement was removing 
 fi ve of its members from the country. 
 Order attached i Read full article ” 
 Dems Slam Plan To Send Tactical Agents To 'Sanctuary' Cities 
 Top House Democrats on Tuesday slammed the Trump administration's 
 plans to send Border Patrol officers with tactical training to cities that limit 
 local cooperation with federal immigration authorities, in an escalation of the 
 administration's battle against so-called "sanctuary policies. 
 Letter attached I Read full article » 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Trump Pardons Ex-NYPD Chief Kerik On Tax Fraud Conviction 
 President Donald Trump on Tuesday pardoned former New York Police 
 Department commissioner and onetime Homeland Security chief nominee 
 Bernard B. Kerik, who was convicted of tax and other crimes. 
 Read full article » 
 TELECOMMUNICATIONS 
 Starks Says FCC's Latest Diversity Data Falls Short 
 The FCC has released a fresh round of data on the demographics of 
 broadcast station owners, prompting Democratic FCC Commissioner 
 Geoffrey Starks to criticize a lack of movement on increasing diversity since 
 the agency studied the subject five years ago. 
 Report attached I Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers 
 International Ltd. 
 Purdue Pharma LP 
 Rocket Software Inc. 
 San Francisco 49ers 
 Sierra Club 
 Southern Environmental Law 
 Center 
 Stats LLC 
 Sutter Health 
 T -Mobile US Inc. 
 Teva Pharmaceutical Industries 
 Ltd. 
 Texas Public Policy Foundation 
 The New York Times Co. 
 Thoma Bravo LLC 
 Ticketmaster Entertainment, Inc. 
 TitleMax 
 TransPerfect Global Inc. 
 Twitter Inc. 
 USA Today International Corp. 
 United States Telecom Association 
 Venmo LLC 
 Yahoo! Inc. 
 YouTube Inc. 
 ZTE Corp. 
 Zeughauser Group LLC 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Administrative Conference of the 
 United States 
 Bureau of Citizenship and 
 Immigration Services 
 California Public Utilities 
 Commission 
 Centers for Medicare & Medicaid 
 Services 
 Consumer Financial Protection 
 Bureau 
 Delaware Court of Chancery 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 Commission 
 European Commission 
 European Union 
 Executive Office of the President 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Federal Bureau of Prisons 
 Federal Communications 
 Commission 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Fish and Wildlife Service 
 Illinois General Assembly 
 Illinois Supreme Court 
 EFTA00032344
Opinion 
 Trump Is Right About Stone Sentencing, For Wrong Reasons 
 President Donald Trump weighed in on Roger Stone's sentencing in an 
 inappropriate way — and caused quite a commotion within the U.S. 
 Department of Justice as a result — but he nonetheless was right to find the 
 sentencing guidelines' recommendation shocking, say criminal defense 
 attorney Alan Ellis and sentencing consultant Mark Allenbaugh. 
 Read full article » 
 BIPA May Apply To Clearview Al's Creation Of Biometric Data 
 The resolution of recent cases in which IBM and Clearview Al created facial 
 geometries from photographs they obtained from social media will show the 
 extent to which the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act applies to these 
 new technologies and uses of biometric data outside Illinois, say Al 
 Fowerbaugh and Karen Borg of Porter Wright. 
 Read full article » 
 Consumer Finance Poised For Greater Scrutiny From States 
 As state-level regulators step up consumer finance oversight to fill the void 
 created by more restrained federal regulation in this area, financial 
 institutions should keep an eye on developments and agencies in several key 
 states, say attorneys at Hogan Lovells. 
 Read full article » 
 What Health Care FCA Trends Tell Us About The Year Ahead 
 The U.S. Department of Justice showed more initiative in directly bringing 
 health care-related False Claims Act cases despite a decrease in qui tarn 
 fi lings last year, and as scrutiny of the industry continues to rise, several 
 sectors deserve to be watched carefully this year, say attorneys at Epstein 
 Becker. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Analysis 
 ABA Says Industry Regs Need A Rethink, But Will It Matter? 
 The passage of a revised American Bar Association resolution intended to 
 encourage a new look at legal industry regulation and increase access to 
 justice represents a major step forward, even in the absence of any 
 recommended changes on nonlawyer participation in the market, some 
 experts say. 
 Read full article » 
 These Firms Are Cleaning Up In Bull Market For VC, PE Deals 
 Some familiar names have landed the top spots among law firms for venture 
 capital and private equity deals in 2019 with increases in the work they 
 handled, thanks to an ongoing bull market and firms' growing strategy to 
 specialize in that kind of high-value work. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 Texas Firms Sell Recruits On Opportunity As BigLaw Invades 
 Texas law firms are staring down a parade of national and global firms 
 entering the state's major markets whose pay offers they can't match, so 
 they're selling new hires and lateral recruits on what they say is better 
 opportunity and talent development. 
 Read full article » 
 Bar Exam Pass Rate Surges To 80% For First-Time Test Takers 
 Internal Revenue Service 
 International Trade Commission 
 Massachusetts Division of Banks 
 National Marine Fisheries Service 
 New York Attorney General's Office 
 New York State Department of 
 Financial Services 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 Social Security Administration 
 U.S. Army Corps of Engineers 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the 
 District of Delaware 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
 Eleventh Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth 
 Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third 
 Circuit 
 U.S. Customs and Border 
 Protection 
 U.S. Department of Defense 
 U.S. Department of Health and 
 Human Services 
 U.S. Department of Homeland 
 Security 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Delaware 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Maine 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 South Carolina 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of Pennsylvania 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of Texas 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of California 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of Illinois 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. District Court for the Western 
 District of Pennsylvania 
 U.S. Environmental Protection 
 Agency 
 U.S. General Services 
 Administration 
 U.S. House of Representatives 
 U.S. Immigration and Customs 
 Enforcement 
 U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 
 U.S. Senate 
 EFTA00032345
Nearly 80% of first-time test takers who sat for the bar exam in 2019 passed, 
 a nearly 5 percentage point increase from 2018, the American Bar 
 Association said Tuesday. 
 Read full article » 
 Gag Order For Weinstein Attys As Jury Begins Deliberations 
 A New York judge issued a gag order for defense counsel in Harvey 
 Weinstein's rape trial Tuesday after the producer's lead attorney wrote an 
 opinion piece in Newsweek that directly asked the jury to acquit him. 
 Read full article » 
 Judge Won't Delay Roger Stone's Sentencing 
 A D.C. federal judge on Tuesday said she will sentence Roger Stone this 
 week despite calls for a retrial from both the longtime Republican operative 
 and President Donald Trump, but she noted she may delay imposing the 
 terms until after she examines the merits of the retrial request. 
 Read full article » 
 Levi & Korsinsky Underpaid Female Atty, Sex Bias Suit Says 
 A former Levi & Korsinsky LLP partner on Tuesday hit the plaintiffs' side 
 securities firm with a sex discrimination suit alleging she was shorted on 
 commissions and bonuses, had her cases reassigned to inexperienced male 
 lawyers and was ultimately fired for speaking up about gender inequity. 
 Read full article » 
 MoFo 'Mommy Track' Bias Accusers Abandon Class Claims 
 Two former Morrison & Foerster LLP attorneys accusing the firm of relegating 
 them to the "mommy track" and eventually firing them after they had children 
 have dropped their class action claims. 
 Read full article » 
 Fox Rothschild Looks To Sink Bulk Of Graphic Sex Bias Suit 
 Fox Rothschild LLP and one of its former employment lawyers recently urged 
 a New York federal judge to throw out most of a former legal aide's suit 
 alleging the lawyer tried to rape her and sent her a slew of lewd pictures, with 
 the attorney arguing that he engaged in a "consensual" relationship with the 
 ex -aide. 
 Read full article » 
 Del. Justices Throw Out Richards Layton Malpractice Claims 
 Acknowledging that statute of limitations laws impose harsh deadlines, the 
 Delaware Supreme Court on Monday upheld the dismissal of a malpractice 
 suit accusing Richards Layton & Finger PA of giving mistaken advice in 2012 
 and costing a software company S67 million. 
 Read full article » 
 DOJ Taps Kirkland Atty To Monitor Live Nation Compliance 
 The U.S. Department of Justice moved Tuesday to name Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
 partner Mark Filip as monitoring trustee responsible for ensuring Live Nation 
 and Ticketmaster abide by their merger approval deal, which was tweaked 
 after the companies allegedly violated the settlement repeatedly. 
 Read full article )> 
 BakerHostetler Adds Former DOJ Antitrust Official 
 BakerHostetler said Tuesday it has hired a former official from the U.S. 
 Department of Justice's Antitrust Division to focus on white collar and 
 compliance issues, marking the firm's third recent hire in the competition and 
 antitrust practice area. 
 Read full article » 
 U.S. Sentencing Commission 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 EFTA00032346
Staffing Co. For Clifford Chance Strikes Deal To End DOJ Case 
 A New York staffing firm has agreed to pay more than $27,000 to resolve the 
 U.S. Department of Justice's claims that it discriminated against foreign and 
 dual citizens while helping international law firm Clifford Chance LLP staff a 
 project, according to a settlement agreement published Tuesday. 
 Read full article » 
 Interview 
 15 Minutes With The San Francisco 49ers' General Counsel 
 As the NFL is pulled into discussions about protests during the national 
 anthem over police brutality and racial injustice, Hannah Gordon sees it as 
 an "intellectually stimulating exercise" for the 49ers to help facilitate national 
 conversations. Here, she discusses her involvement in this year's Super 
 Bowl, and the ways she has seen the role of women in sports change. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Associate • Products Liability, Mass Torts 
 and Consumer Class Actions (Wilmington, 
 DE Office) 
 McCarter & English. LLP 
 Wilmington, Delaware 
 Attorney - Assistant Attorney General -
 Public Access Bureau 
 Illinois Attorney General's Office 
 Springfield. Illinois 
 Attorney - Assistant Attorney General -
 Public Access Bureau 
 Illinois Attorney General's Office 
 Chicago. Illinois 
 Not suit if your firm suMetibs? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive futon emails of this son 
 you may unsubsctibe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call + I -646-781.7ICO or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law3601 Portfolio Media. Inc, Ill West 19th Street. Sth Floor. New York, NY [COI I 
 EFTA00032347
From: "NYSReportServer®usa.doj.gov" <NYSReportServer®usa.doj.gov> 
 To: MMans
 Subject: Child Exploitation & Porn Update Report Ill 
 Date: Sun, 05 Jul 2020 20:39:15 +0000 
 Attachments: Child_Exploitation_&_Pom_Update_Report_III.pdf 
 Attached is the Child Exploitation & Porn Update Report III for Project Safe Childhood. 
 Chiefs and Project Safe Childhood Coordinator, please remind the assigned AUSA to make updates in their 
 cases. Thanks! 
 EFTA00032348
From: New York Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To: > 
 Subject: UN Bribery Ruling Further Defines The Limits Of McDonnell 
 Date: Mon, 12 Aug 2019 09:24:32 +0000 
 ;law360 New York 
 NEW YORK 
 Monday, August 12, 2019 Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Analysis 
 UN Bribery Ruling Further Defines The Limits Of McDonnell 
 The Second Circuit closed the door on defendants hoping to invoke the U.S. 
 Supreme Court's McDonnell ruling in Foreign Corrupt Practices Act cases —
 a decision showing the ruling does not apply across the spectrum of 
 corruption prosecutions as some defense attorneys had hoped. 
 Read full article » 
 2nd Circ. Says McDonnell Rule Doesn't Apply In FCPA Cases 
 The high bar for certain corruption cases the U.S. Supreme Court set in 
 McDonnell does not apply to prosecutions under the Foreign Corrupt 
 Practices Act, the Second Circuit ruled Friday, affirming the conviction of a 
 Chinese real estate developer for bribing United Nations officials. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 Ex-KPMG Accountant Gets 8 Months For Inspection Plan Theft 
 A Manhattan federal judge on Friday sentenced a former KPMG accountant 
 from Texas, who admitted poaching confidential inspection plans from the 
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and giving them to KPMG, to 
 eight months in prison. 
 Read full article » 
 NYT Wins Toss Of Arpaio's $147M Defamation Suit 
 A Washington, D.C., federal judge on Friday threw out a $147.5 million 
 defamation suit brought by Joe Arpaio against The New York Times, saying 
 the former sheriff of Arizona's Maricopa County had come "nowhere close" to 
 proving a crucial aspect of his case. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 Epstein Dead In Apparent Suicide, As Feds Investigate 
 Federal investigators will examine the death of Jeffrey Epstein, the financier 
 charged with sex trafficking underage girls, after officials said he was found 
 dead in his Manhattan federal jail cell on Saturday morning, derailing a 
 blockbuster trial a day after a trove of documents connected to him were 
 made public. 
 9 documents attached I Read full article » 
 Judges Say 'We've Had It' With Attacks On The Judiciary 
 The time has come for judges to "take more aggressive action" to fight back 
 against attacks on the judiciary made by President Trump and other 
 ;law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Advisors LLC 
 Akin Gump 
 Arent Fox 
 Armstrong Teasdale 
 Arnold & Porter 
 Baker Marquart 
 Ballard Spahr 
 Christian & Barton 
 Clark Hill 
 Cleary Gottlieb 
 Consovoy McCarthy 
 Constantine Cannon 
 Cravath Swaine 
 Crowell & Moring 
 DLA Piper 
 Davis Polk 
 Davis Wright Tremaine 
 Debevoise & Plimpton 
 Dechert 
 Dewey & LeBoeuf 
 Eisner LLP 
 Ellenoff Grossman 
 Eversheds Sutherland 
 EFTA00032349
politicians, Washington Supreme Court Justice Debra Stephens said Friday, 
 speaking on a six-judge panel on the topic. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 Cisco's $8.6M Deal Shows Cost Of Ignoring Cyber Flaws 
 Cisco's agreement to pay $8.6 million to resolve a whistleblower's allegations 
 that it knowingly sold hackable video surveillance gear to government 
 agencies is the first payout in a False Claims Act case brought over 
 cybersecurity, illustrating the growing legal risks of mishandling discovered 
 digital flaws. 
 Read full article » 
 CYBERSECURITY & PRIVACY 
 Delta Sues Software Provider Over Data Breach 
 Delta Airlines sued its customer service chat provider in New York federal 
 court Thursday, accusing it of lax digital security practices that allowed a 
 hacker to steal the personal information of more than 800,000 people. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 Humvee Says 'Call Of Duty' TM Case Won't Cause 'Mayhem' 
 The automaker behind the Humvee is urging a federal court to reject claims 
 that "the world will end" if the company wins its trademark lawsuit against 
 Activision Blizzard over the appearance of the famous truck in "Call of Duty" 
 video games. 
 Memorandum attached I Read full article » 
 NBA Star Sues Over 'Greek Freak' Mark On Hoodies, T-Shirts 
 NBA player Giannis Antetokounmpo filed suit in New York federal court on 
 Friday against a clothing label for infringing on his "Greek Freak" and "Greek 
 Fr34K" trademarks, both nicknames the athlete said were born of his skill, 
 nationality and jersey number. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 'Grease' Parody Writers Say Fair Use Is The One They Want 
 The Georgia-based comedians behind "Vape: The Musical" asked a New 
 York federal court on Friday to declare their play eligible for protection from 
 copyright infringement claims by the creators of "Grease," claiming their story 
 is a parody of the iconic theatrical production. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 SECURITIES & WHITE COLLAR 
 Ex -Dewey CFO Urges NY Appeals Court To Toss Conviction 
 Former Dewey & LeBoeuf LLP Chief Financial Officer Joel Sanders is urging 
 a New York appeals court to throw out his fraud conviction and resulting $1 
 million fine, arguing that a slew of errors by the court, the prosecution and his 
 former attorneys deprived him of his right to a fair trial. 
 Brief attached I Read full article » 
 Ex -Barbados Official Denies Money Laundering Charges 
 A former minister for the government of Barbados on Friday denied charges 
 stemming from bribes he allegedly took for steering a state contract to an 
 insurance company, ahead of a fall trial on conspiracy and money laundering 
 charges. 
 Read full article )> 
 Fine Kaplan 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Goodwin 
 Haddon Morgan 
 Haynes and Boone 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth 
 Jomarron Lopez 
 Jones Day 
 Katten Muchin 
 King & Spalding 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Law Lyman 
 Law Offices of Tim Powers 
 LeClairRyan 
 Luse Gorman 
 Mei & Mark 
 Mitchell Silberberg 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Morrison & Foerster 
 Morvillo Abramowitz 
 Munger Tolles 
 Orrick Herrington 
 Pardalis & Nohavicka 
 Parker McCay 
 Patterson Belknap 
 Paul Weiss 
 Perkins Coie 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Rogers Joseph 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Sheppard Mullin 
 Skadden 
 Stevens & Lee 
 Thompson Hine 
 Venable LLP 
 Wargo & French 
 Weil Gotshal 
 Williams & Connolly 
 WilmerHale 
 Winston & Strawn 
 WolfBlock 
 COMPANIES 
 AM General LLC 
 AT&T Inc. 
 Activision Blizzard Inc. 
 Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc. 
 Altice SA 
 Altice USA 
 Amazon.com Inc. 
 EFTA00032350
To: 
 Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell 
 Thank you very much. Would you have time for a quick call to discuss, please? 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 New York NY 10007 
 Original Message 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday. December 4. 2_02() '414 I'M 
 To:  
 Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell 
 Attached please find the letter to Hon. Nathan. 
 Best, 
 Staff Attorney 
 Department of Justice 
 Federal Bureau of Prisons 
 Metropolitan Detention Center Brooklyn 
 York 11232 
 P: 
 E: 
 SENSITIVE/PRIVILEGED COMMUNICATION 
 The information contained in this electronic message and any and all 
 EFTA00031955
Charity Accused Of Iran Sanctions Violations Gets New Trial 
 The Second Circuit on Friday gave a New York charity a second chance to 
 fi ght allegations that it violated U.S. sanctions against Iran, scolding a 
 Manhattan court for allowing the government to present illegally obtained 
 evidence at trial. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 COMPETITION 
 Comcast, AT&T Get Sought T-Mobile/Sprint Info Locks 
 Comcast and AT&T have persuaded a New York federal judge to impose 
 stricter safeguards for their sensitive business information submitted in the 
 state attorneys generals' case challenging T-Mobile's purchase of Sprint, with 
 the judge upping the level of protection from what the merging companies 
 had proposed. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 BANKING 
 Wells Fargo Blasts Bankrupt Fund's Bid To Probe Casino IPO 
 Wells Fargo and a group of bondholders who claim they're owed nearly $900 
 million have blasted a bankrupt hedge fund's request to investigate the 
 contested Macau casino IPO at the heart of the dispute, calling the debtors 
 "hopelessly conflicted." 
 1 document attached Read full article 
 TAX 
 Trump Tax Return Suit Belongs In NY, State Officials Say 
 New York officials on Friday asked a D.C. federal judge to transfer to their 
 state President Donald Trump's suit seeking to bar enforcement of a law 
 allowing Congress access to his state tax returns, saying it lacks a D.C. 
 connection. 
 Motion attached I Read full article » 
 ProPublica Sues IRS To Release Emails On Private Tax Prep 
 Nonprofit news organization ProPublica sued the Internal Revenue Service in 
 a New York federal court on Friday for the immediate release of documents 
 related to the renewal of a partnership between the agency and private 
 industry providers of free online tax filing services. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 CAPITAL MARKETS 
 3 Firms Guide OceanFirst Bank Deals Valued At $285M Total 
 The parent of Toms River, New Jersey-based OceanFirst Bank said Friday 
 that it has inked separate agreements totaling roughly $285 million to acquire 
 two fellow banking companies, in deals guided by Skadden, Stevens & Lee 
 and Luse Gorman. 
 Read full article » 
 Ellenoff-Led Blank Check Co. Nabs $300M IPO For Fintech Buy 
 Blank check company Thunder Bridge Acquisition II Ltd. hit the market 
 Friday, a day after pricing $300 million in an initial public offering the Ellenoff 
 Grossman & Schole LLP-led company says will be used to acquire a 
 business in the financial technology space. 
 Read full article » 
 American Bar Association 
 American Civil Liberties Union 
 Apple Inc. 
 Boenning & Scattergood Inc. 
 Brigham Young University 
 Charter Communications Inc. 
 Cisco Systems Inc. 
 Comcast Corp. 
 DISH Network LLC 
 Delta Air Lines Inc. 
 Deutsche Telekom AG 
 EisnerAmper LLP 
 Federal - Mogul Corporation 
 First Capital, Inc. 
 GNC Corp. 
 Gerson Lehrman Group Inc. 
 Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 
 Google Inc. 
 H&R Block Inc. 
 Health Diagnostic Laboratory Inc. 
 Intuit Inc. 
 KPMG International 
 LexisNexis Group 
 Linkedln Corp. 
 Milwaukee Bucks 
 Morgan Stanley 
 NASDAQ OMX Group Inc. 
 National Conference of State 
 Legislatures 
 New York Times Co. 
 OceanFirst Financial Corp. 
 Philadelphia Phillies 
 Piper Jaffray Companies 
 Public Company Accounting 
 Oversight Board 
 Purdue Pharma LP 
 QUALCOMM Inc. 
 RELX PLC 
 Retail Industry Leaders Association 
 Inc. 
 Rolls-Royce 
 Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP 
 SeaWorld Entertainment Inc. 
 Silver Point Capital LP 
 Spotify Technology SA 
 Sprint Nextel Corporation 
 State Bar of California 
 T -Mobile USA Inc. 
 Tenneco Inc. 
 Twitter Inc. 
 Two River Bancorp 
 EFTA00032351
PEOPLE 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 State Net 
 How States Are Attending To Medical Balance Billing 
 With emergency room visits involving care from out-of-network providers 
 sometimes resulting in balance bills reaching thousands of dollars, 32 states 
 this year have taken legislative action, and those that have not are under 
 increasing pressure to do so, says Korey Clark of State Net Capitol Journal. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Global 20: Eversheds Sutherland 
 Continued growth in the U.S. and the U.K., new offices in the Czech Republic 
 and the Netherlands and a client-first attitude world-wide have earned 
 Eversheds Sutherland a spot on Law360's Global 20 list. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 5 Things To Know As Trial Starts For Ex-Skadden Atty Craig 
 Former Skadden partner and onetime White House counsel Gregory Craig 
 heads to trial on Monday in a convoluted case involving an analysis he wrote 
 six years ago about an overseas criminal prosecution and alleged lies over 
 that work. Here's what attorneys should know about the case. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 As LeClairRyan Folds, What Comes Next For Its Attorneys? 
 LeClairRyan's announcement that those affected by its closure wouldn't 
 receive COBRA health care benefits added to mounting worries expressed 
 by the firm's current employees and former members, who say they don't 
 expect they'll see much or any of the capital the firm owes them. 
 Read full article » 
 LeClairRyan Beats Ex-Blood Test Exec's Malpractice Suit 
 A Virginia state court has thrown out a $603 million malpractice suit against 
 LeClairRyan brought by the ex-CEO of defunct blood test company Health 
 Diagnostic Laboratory Inc., saying her case rested on arguments that had 
 already been heard and rejected by another court. 
 Read full article » 
 2019 Snapshot Of The Legal Profession Shows Slowed Growth 
 The U.S. attorney population grew at a slower rate during the past two years 
 than it has during any two-year period in the last century, according to a 
 report released Saturday at the ABA Annual Meeting in San Francisco. 
 Read full article » 
 9th Circ. Judge Warns 'Judicial Independence Is At Risk' 
 Accepting an American Bar Association award on Friday, Ninth Circuit Judge 
 M. Margaret McKeown told a room packed with judges and attorneys that 
 recent attacks on judges pose a threat to the rule of law, and urged her 
 colleagues to do more to defend judicial independence. 
 Read full article » 
 How Unauthorized Immigrants Are Fighting To Practice Law 
 Utah could join a small but growing number of states that allow unauthorized 
 immigrants to join the bar, though a looming U.S. Supreme Court case has 
 United Parcel Service Inc. 
 UnitedLex Corp. 
 Wells Fargo & Co. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Bureau of Labor Statistics 
 California Supreme Court 
 City of Richmond, Virginia 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Federal Bureau of Prisons 
 Federal Communications 
 Commission 
 Federal Judicial Center 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Internal Revenue Service 
 National Aeronautics and Space 
 Administration 
 National Labor Relations Board 
 New York Attorney General's Office 
 Occupational Safety and Health 
 Administration 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 U.S. Army 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the 
 Southern District of New York 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
 Second Circuit 
 U.S. Department of Homeland 
 Security 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of Labor 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. House of Representatives 
 U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 
 U.S. Senate 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 United Nations 
 EFTA00032352
raised new fears among both attorney hopefuls and practicing lawyers 
 without legal status. 
 Read full article » 
 Why Lawyer Well-Being Can Impact Access To Justice 
 Promoting mental health and well-being among public interest attorneys goes 
 beyond creating healthy work environments and has a direct impact on the 
 quality and availability of legal services accessible to low-income people, 
 panelists said Friday at the American Bar Association's annual meeting in 
 San Francisco. 
 Read full article » 
 Dems Tell Trump Tapping Scalia To Head DOL 'Alarming' 
 More than two-dozen House Democrats have urged President Donald Trump 
 to reconsider his nomination of Gibson Dunn & Crutcher LLP attorney 
 Eugene Scalia to lead the U.S. Department of Labor, a move the Democrats 
 called "extremely alarming" because of Scalia's "patent hostility" toward 
 workers' rights. 
 Read full article )> 
 Haynes And Boone's London Growth Leads To New Office 
 Haynes and Boone LLP is relocating to larger offices in London, the Texas-
 based firm said Thursday, after seeing the number of partners it has in the 
 city double in under three years. 
 Read full article » 
 Wash. Judges Can't Pursue Records Suit On Public's Dime 
 The Washington Supreme Court has ruled that a group of state judges 
 cannot appoint their own taxpayer-funded attorney in order to sue a county 
 clerk in a dispute over digital record-keeping, saying that if the judges wanted 
 to pursue legal action, it should be on their own dime. 
 Read full article » 
 GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week 
 A surge of attorneys are moving to in-house positions in the ever-evolving 
 cannabis space, another tech giant was hit with a proposed privacy class 
 action and Purdue Pharma has argued that the opioid suit it is facing sets a 
 dangerous precedent for corporate directors. These are some of the stories 
 in corporate legal news you may have missed in the past week. 
 Read full article » 
 In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360 
 For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, stories and 
 expert analyses that generated the most buzz on Law360 last week. 
 Read full article » 
 Podcast 
 Law360's Pro Say: Can Mexico Extradite The El Paso Shooter? 
 Last week's mass shooting in El Paso killed eight Mexican citizens, leading 
 Mexico's government to suggest that it will take the unusual step of seeking 
 to extradite the shooter. On this week's episode of Pro Say we're joined by 
 John Bellinger, a partner at the law firm Arnold & Porter and a former legal 
 adviser at the U.S. State Department, to discuss the legal and practical 
 dimensions of the situation. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Attorney - Commercial Employment Associate (3+ yrs) 
 Litigation/Professional & General Liability Gordon & Rees 
 EFTA00032353
(3-6 yrs) 
 Gordon & Rees 
 New York, New York 
 NY/NJ Employment Attorney (3-6 yrs) 
 Gordon & Rees 
 New York, - 
 In -House Corp/NYC 2.5+yrs 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York. New York 
 M&A Associate 
 Perkins Coie LLP 
 New York, New York 
 Midsized NY LF seeks add'tl up•and-
 coming partners PB $IM+ 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York, New York 
 elite lit boutique // mid level assoc 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York. New York 
 Banktcy Boutique Counsel/Partner 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC, New York 
 Litigation Funding Business Developer 
 North America 
 Deminor Recovery Services 
 New York. New York 
 ECVC Associate Attorney 
 Perkins Coie LLP 
 New York. New York 
 New York, New York 
 Real Estate Mid to Senior Attorney 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth 
 New York, New York 
 music industry copyright associate 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York, New York 
 Intellectual Property Assistant 
 Knobbe Martens Olson & Bear, LLP 
 New York, New York 
 NYC'Corp'Assoc*Mid-sizedtifestyle 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC. New York 
 Stellar mid-sized firm seeks outstanding 
 mid level m&a atty 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC, New York 
 Real Estate Associate 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP 
 New York, New York 
 Paralegal, IP Litigation 
 Baker & McKenzie 
 New York, New York 
 Junior Level Construction Associate 
 Duane Morris 
 New York, New York 
 Not sure if your film subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd tether not receive future emails of this son. 
 you may unsubsctibe here. 
 Please DO NOT 'spay to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783.7I00 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360I Portfolio Media. Inc. Ill West 1911 Street. Sth Floor, New York. NY [Dail 
 EFTA00032354
From: ")" "cIMIE> 
 To: "a" c=MIMIIW 
 Subject: Please make binder this morning? 
 Date: Mon, 12 Aug 2019 11:42:48 +0000 
 Attachments: Combined_Epstein_Med_Records.pdf; 30_MINUTE_ROUNDS_8-8-19.pdf; 
 30 MINUTE ROUNDS 8-9-19.pdf; 30_MINUTE_ROUNDS_8-10-19_2.pdf; 
 30 MINUTE:ROUNDS-8-10-19.pdf; 30_MINUTE_ROUNDS_8-7-19.pdf; 
 Epstein_Investigative_Reports.pdf; Staff Roster 8-10-19.pdf; Staff Roster_8-9-19.pdf 
 Hi , I have an interview beginning at 930, could you please print a binder of these documents? Order should be: 
 1. Medical Records 
 2. Psych notes 
 3. Investigative Reports 
 4. Epstein photos 
 5. 30 minute rounds (oldest to newest) 
 6. Count Slips 
 7. Staff assignments 
 8. Staff roster (oldest to newest) 
 9. "attachment 1" 
 10. Research 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 Tel: 
 EFTA00032355
C•CO fICII/110ka 
 ate Ott 1041 
 OtC.411411041111140111T 
 MCC NEW YORK 
 SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
 30 MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
 L -TI ER 
 DATE: 08/10/2019 
 INIC111111005,114 Y41 
 TIME 
 FRAME 
 TIME 
 START 
 TIME 
 END 
 SIGNATURE TIME FRAME TIME 
 START 
 TIME SIGNATURE 
 END 
 TIME FRAME TIME 
 START 
 TIM£ SIGNATURE 
 END 
 i2:0012:30 AM 8.00.6:30 AM 
 g og00 
 4.004 30 PIA 
 9 1 ( 
 e/j e7 
 1 -(ii 
 4 1 - ( €7
 12:30- 100AM 8:30- 9:00 AM 
 g3.3 ggP 
 4:30.5:00 PM 
 1:00-1:30 AM 9:00-9:30 AM 9/2 
 V A / 
 5:00 -5:30 PM 
 Sat 561_ 
 1102 00 AM 91040 00AM q Ai6, 
 950 
 5:304:00 PM 535 5-a3 
 200.230 AM 10'00-10-30 AM /9/i, /oil 6:00-6:30 PM 7 °C' 
 (7
 / n or 
 2 30400 AM 10x041:00 AM aSI tb. • 6:30.7:00 PM 6.4,0 
 6,z. 
 3004:30 AM 110041:30 AM //at a 0....7 7:00-7:30 PM 7'3 9 ll,
 3 30-4.00 AM 11 3012 00AM //13/ jf ill 7104 00 PM qir 
 73r 
 4.00.4:30 AM 1200-12:30 PM /wog 121 8.004x0 PM 2)03l° 
 430.5:00 AM 12 30- 1 00 PM 
 1a7/ 1249 8:30.9.00 PM 
 .", .. Si
 C...: 25 61311
 500.5:30 AM 1.00.1:30 PM 
 1)6 , ID J' 
 9:00-9:30 PM Cie" 04
 5:30-6.00 AM 1:30-2:00 PM j A4S /1/L 9:30-10:00 PM CI 3 
 < 7 ,
 6:004:30 AM 200-2:30 PM aog aui 10:00.10:30 PM Dot),,, 
 6:30-700 AM 2.304:00 PM 
 024 10 (2#1 
 10:30-11:00 PM !Oil, I 6 3(c 
 7:00-7:30 AM 3.00-3:30 PM ::- a i 
 I
 ..... „ 
 .....,-... r 11.00-11:30PM 
 ii . 
 1 i ie._ or e.
 7:30-8.00 ,414 310-4:00 PM 
 .3- 1 1c 
 11:3042:00 PM !ItoI fvo
 MORNING WATCH l I DAY WATCH EVENING WATCH I 
 OPERATIONS OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT LIEUTENANT LIEUTENANT 
 J 
 A staff member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
 detention or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
 a.m.— 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
 12:30 am — 1:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds arc to be 
 conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
 documented. 
 REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
 CAPTAIN 
 EFTA00032356
QC* Aldo 10.6. 
 IPICIAI.10101111441111 
 MCC NEW YORK 
 SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
 30 MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
 M -TIER 
 DATE: 08/10/2019 
 SPICIAL1101111114 WAIT 
 TIME 
 FRAME 
 TIME 
 START 
 TIME 
 END 
 SIGNATURE TIME FRAME TIME 
 START 
 TIME SIGNATURE TIME FRAME 
 END 
 TIME 
 START 
 TIE SIGNATURE 
 END 
 12 0042:30AM 8.004:30 NA 
 eta/ 
 ' t3
 
 4:00-4:30 PIA ?Poi' ri
 12:30-1:00 AM 130- 9:00AM 
 4 31 
 9 3 
 4:304:00 PM VT 1 1(.11 
 1:004:30 AM 9:004:30 AM q p y 41,6 5:00 4:30 PM •,(.5‘ C (a ‘ 
 1:30400 AM 9:30.10:00 AM 415 9 gel' 5:304:00 PM yrt 51 et 
 2.00.2:30 MI 10:0010:30 AM /0,23 /0025 6:00-6:30 PM th N 
 f ^ 0 c-• ( 
 230-3:00 AM 10:3041:00 AM /NS /AI 6:304:00 PM (36 43C. 
 4 3 . 00 30 AM 11:00-11:30 AM Mg ii ad 7:00.7:30 PM 
 tin q 
 1,
 330.4:00 AM 11:30.12:00 AM US/ /i 5 0— 7:3043:00 PM /3K 93r 
 4 004:30 AM 12:00-12:30 PM iota g a 0 8:004:30 PM 
 ___,
 r . e t'
 4.30.5:00 AM 12:30. 1:00PM / 9..3I i<3;33 8:30.9:00 PM h It( irS
 5.00 4:30AM 1:004:30 PM 
 ,GL
 / kA! 9004:30 PM 416s-f igs 
 5:30400 MI 1:30.2:00 PM 
 PS ffi 
 9:304000 PIA q 33 c_il 
 6:004:30 N.1 2:004:30 PM gig L1 
 t..,
 1000.1030 PM (ct-c 
 c.
 (n:,7 
 6:30.7:OO AM 2:30-3:00 PIA 
 Pi t, 9,3() 
 10.3041:00 PM 091, t I) .9-t 
 7 00-7.30 MI 3:004:30 PM g iisitn:00.11:30pm ti i 3i ti 3
 7:304.00 MI 3:304:03 PM 2,2,,,;.
 .1‘..1 .--• 
 I...7 . , I 
 *d i ...1 if 
 i i :30-12:00 PM /gig uto 
 MORNING WATCII DAY WATCH EVENING WATCII 
 OPERATIONS OPERATIONS OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT I.IEU1 ENANT LIEUTENANT 
 A staff member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
 detention or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
 a.m. - I2:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
 12:30 am — 1:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
 conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
 documented. 
 REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
 CAPTAIN 
 EFTA00032357
sACG Mr tom. 
 setcffil 
 MCC NEW YORK 
 SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
 30 MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
 ZA 
 TIER -J 
 DATE: 08/10/2019 
 MCC PIO TO" 
 JPC040111104ilinG wait 
 TIME 
 FRAME 
 TIME 
 START 
 TIME 
 ENO 
 SIGNATURE TIME FRAME TII.IE 
 START 
 TIME SIGNATURE 
 END 
 TIME FRAME TIME 
 START 
 TIRE SIGNATURE 
 END 
 12:00-12:30 AM 800430AM % 1 Ei III 4:00-4:30 PM ti /41 LI 05 
 12:30. 1:00 AM 830. 900 AM t 3,% 
 cJ 35 
 4:30400 PM ((y7 LL 
 'kl
 I:00-1:30 MA 900.9:30 AM 
 909 wi 
 5:00.5:30 PM SO 44 
 77) 
 S ay
 sc 1:30-2:00 AM 9 30-1060 AIA q.57 q6s s:30-11:00 PIA 
 200-230 AM 10:00-10:30 an /Pap g , , 6:004:30 PM 
 6 CN' 6 oS 
 230-3:00 AM 10.30-11:00 AM /037 ID* 1330-7:00 PIA 0, I et- 6 tC
 3:00430 AM 11:00-11:30 Am fin//DJ, T-00.7:30 PM 
 vi a t 41 
 3:30-4:00 AM 11:30-12:00 AM /10 // 55 7:30400 PM r
 ill gza 
 4:00-4:30 AM 1200.12:30 PM /942,5 gall t00-t30 PM SC 
 r 
 lec 
 4:30-5:00 AM 1230- 1:00 1414 tai if la3t, t30.900 PM g
 15 2 - 4 C4 
 5:00.6:30 AM 1:00-1:30 PM 
 I Pi NI 
 9:004:30 PM 6/ OC• 
 (
 . O4 
 5:308:00N.1 1:304:00 PM 
 /7' /la 
 t30-10:00 PM 
 4e i -34 i VI 
 6:00-6:30 AM 200.2:30 PM 2,26.3 10:00-10:30 PM (6/1.4 On 
 6:30.7:00 AM 2:30-3:00 PM of 10:30-11:00 PM i 4 
 3j
 103 r 
 7:00.7:30 Al1/44 3:00-3:30 PM -4 nq 
 ri... 
 . 11:00.11:30 PM 
 tug tliti 
 7:3043:00 NA 3:30-4:00 PM ...:3b 11:30-12:00 PM ft“ 
 /19. ,
 MORNING WATCH DAY WATCH EVENING WATCH 
 OPERATIONS MATIONS OPERATIONS 
 I.IEUTENANT IBUTENANT LIEUTENANT 
 A staff member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
 detention or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
 a.m. — 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
 12:30 am — I:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds arc to be 
 conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
 documented. 
 REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
 CAPTAIN 
 EFTA00032358
mcc nI W 1OAk 
 10ICIAII10411104 Y411 
 MCC NEW YORK 
 SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
 30 MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
 ZA 
 TIER -K 
 DATE: 08/10/2019 
 KO MOO Yolk 
 setentitoonactunt 
 TIME 
 FRAME 
 TIME 
 START 
 TIME 
 END 
 SIGNATURE TIME FRAME TIME 
 START 
 TIME SIGNATURE TIME FRAME 
 END 
 TIME 
 START 
 TIME SIGNATURE 
 END 
 12:00-12:30 AM 8.00-8:30AM ,F 9. ii ga5 I 4:00-4:30 PM Ltioego 
 12:30. 1:00 AM 8730- 9:00 AM 
 O 1 7 5 i; I 
 4:30.5:00 PM 1 58 ((is 
 100.110 AM 9.00.9:30 AM q,,2 
 yes 
 I 500-5:30 PM ----SZ <At 
 Ese.too AM 9:30-10:00 AM Qiie Q45 5:30-6:00 PM 73T 
 53 1
 2 002.30 AM 10 00.10.30 NA /46 Ito i 0 6.00-6.30 PM (cf, ? (. 61 
 230.3:00 AM 10:30.11:00 AM /O/R /406/ 6:30.700 PM 6,3 c). G1-4. 
 3.00.3.30 AM 11100.11.30 AM ll./3 fis 7.007:30 PM 
 ep 2. f7 , 2. 
 3:30-4.00 AM 11:30.12:00 AM /ill? 1/ 5p 7:308.00 PM Q5597r 
 4.00-4:30 AM 12 00.12 30 PM 
 /a%
 nov, 000.8 30 PM itqc"-• etc
 4 305 00AM 12.30- 1.00 PM 19,55 /23 8.30. 9.00 PM r6 5 fr r 5-
 S:00 -5:30 AM 1:001:30 PM 
 I t40,IOC 
 9.00-9.30 PM -7J'' ? Jr t
 5:30400 AM 1:30.2:00 PM 
 -3 ) 0al 
 9:3010:00 PM -1 ..-i .7 7 ) 
 600430 AM 2.00.2:30 PM 
 A
 l
 0 a vs 1000-10:30 PM (06.(61k, 
 6:30.7:00 AA1 2:30300 PLI wig 939 10.30.11:00 PM ft, I'S HY SA. 
 7.00.7 30AM 3003:30 PM /3 t LA3,94) 11.0011:30 PM f ii5III C 
 7:308.00 AM 330.4:00 PIA ..j.3c ' 
 :-..-.-- , , 
 1:30.12:00 PM 
 Mr " /,i0 
 MORNING WATCH 
 OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT 
 DAY WATCH 
 OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT 
 EVENING WATCH 
 OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT 
 A staff member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
 detention or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
 a.m. — 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
 12:30 am — 1:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
 conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
 documented. 
 REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
 CAPTAIN 
 EFTA00032359
1014. AINITOMI 
 intclatelousinc.i.AIT 
 MCC NEW YORK 
 SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
 30 MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
 ZA 
 TIER -G 
 DATE: 08/10/2019 
 MOlitliOutin4u4N 
 TIME 
 FRAME 
 TIME 
 START 
 TILIE 
 END 
 S:GNATGRE TIME FRAME TIME 
 START 
 TIME SIGNATURE TIME FRAME 
 ENO 
 TIME 
 START 
 TIME 
 END 
 SIGNATURE 
 12:00-12:30 AM 8:004:30 AM 
 e gI 0 
 gal 4:00.4:30 PM (I )2_ If L 
 12:30- 1:00AM 8:30.9.00 AM 
 SQ1 5 P l l 
 4:304:00 PM 1 q t CM t 
 1:004:30 AM 9:00430 AM 935 qi I, 500.5:30 PM cn 5-6 
 .., 
 1:30-203 AM 910-1000 AM 95y 954, 5:304:00 PM 5-37 5-15-
 7.00430 AM 10:00-10:30 AM ale ipii.6:004:30 PM coo C ta
 2:30-3 - 00 AM 10:3041:00 AM msey ith *30-7:00 PM 611 6 IC.,
 3:00-3 . 30 AM 17:0077:30AM q al liag 7:00-7:30 PM 
 (its —9 / 5 
 3:30-4:00 AAI 11:3042:00 AM JJ3c‘ /)4/) 7:304:00 PM 777 q 3 5-
 4:00-4:30 AM 724472:30 PM ram Ix( 8:004:30 PM Ye'?J`•7 
 4 - 30.500 AM I 2,30- f:00 PM iasq jag° 8-.30-9:00PM 
 O
 a- , S3 '
 5.00 3.30 AM 7.00.1.30 PM 
 i a LI 
 ill 9:004:30 PM C &i.‘ 1-1,:"'• ' 
 5:304:00 AM 1:30-2:C0 PM n 4, / g '7 *30-70:00PM ti 54ic -.. 
 6.004:30 AM 2:00.2:30 PM j g 
 a( 6 1 
 1040-10:30 PM [bp le t. a1 fa 
 6:30-7:00 AM 2:304:00 PM 07051a, a 10:30.11:00 PM I Sas VOW) 
 7:00-7:30 AM 1004:30 PM 5,...5eila 11:0047:30 PM n Li
 it ‘ 1 Ce 
 7:304:00 AM 3.304.00 PM 
 .... 
 n i in 
 C"..... 
 h I 71:3412:00 PM /74,3„ / 
 MORNING WATCH DAY WATCH EVENING WATCH 
 OPERATIONS OPERATIONS OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT LIEUTENANT LIEUTENANT 
 A staff member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
 detention or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
 a.m.— 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
 12:30 am — I:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
 conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
 documented. 
 REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
 CAPTAIN 
 EFTA00032360
accompanying documents constitutes sensitive information. This 
 information is the property of the U.S. Department of Justice. If you 
 are not the intended recipient of this information, any disclosures, 
 copying, distribution, or the taking of any action in reliance on this 
 information is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in 
 error, please notify us immediately to make arrangements for its return 
 to us. 
 >» 
 AM >» 
 Thank you very much. 
 " ca. 12/4/2020 9:39 
 Original Messa e 
 From: 
 Sent: Frida , December 4, 2020 7:41 AM 
 To: 
 Subject: Re: New drive for Maxwell 
 Not a problem. 
 Best, 
 >>> 
 PM >» 
 Hi all, 
 " a 12/3/2020 5:24 
 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine 
 Maxwell, which should arrive at the MDC tomorrow. This drive will 
 replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the 
 accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure 
 Maxwell is given access to this drive? 
 Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be 
 mailed to the below address: 
 Paralegal Specialist 
 U.S. Attorneys Office, SDNY 
 New York, NY 10007 
 Thanks very much, as always, for your help. 
 Best, 
 EFTA00031956
MCC n1W ionic 
 SOCGIIIK H0411144 Viii 
 MCC NEW YORK 
 SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
 30 MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
 ZA 
 TIER -H 
 DATE: 08/10/2019 
 1•10141110111MG Oily 
 TIME 
 FRAME 
 TIME 
 START 
 TIME 
 ENO 
 SIGNATURE TIME FRAME TIME 
 START 
 TIME SIGNATURE 
 END 
 TIME FRAME TIME 
 START 
 TIME SIGNATURE 
 END 
 12:00-12:30 AM 8:00-8:30 AM gl leg i<t)4:00-4:30 PM 
 .., 
 if i ( (/ I Z 
 12:30- 1:00 AM 8.30. 9:00 AM 
 o
 N 
 gifg 
 4:30-510 PM 1/ ii / tit/ S' 
 100.130 AM 900.9:30 AM gig 9P/ 5:00.5:30 PM 
 (ITT/ t;73/.-
 1 30-2 00 AM 0 30.10 00 AIA q5/7 
 9 5
 5:30.8 . 00 PIA 5-3r pr
 200-2.30 AM 10 00.10 30 mi Oll 
 /e 1 3 
 6:00.6:311PIA 61t 64 0
 2 30-3.00 AM 1030.1100 AM /'.CR. /40.53 6:30.7:00 PM 
 & 44 , 
 6., I 
 3.00-3.30 AM 11.0041 30AM MIc111q 7:00-T30 PM 1'5-e)
 . c 
 3.30-4.00 AM 1 i .3112.00 M.1 pim mit/ 7:30-8.00 PM /23
 ' . / s 3 
 4 00.430 AM 12.00-12.30 PM i dj te. /di/ 8:00.6.30 PIA ri ry 
 4.30.5.00 AM 12.311.00 PM !ma lakpi 8:319.00 PM g ... .3 
 SI 
 5:00-5:30 AM 1:00-1:30 PM /)A /ig 9119:30 PM 
 qa- 5. C S
 5:30-6:00 AM 1:30-2:00 PM 13 7 /31/t30-10:00 PM el 3,5 el 5 5
 6.00-6:30 AM 2112:30 PM ago 9 ) 10:0110:30 PM (W1 lup ik. 
 6:30-710 AM 2:30-3:00 PM ayi Q, 10:30-11:00 PM I DC ( I [O(4 ( 
 7:00-7:30 AM 3:00-3:30 PM ‘95 54.t,11:00-11:30 PM 1 `t t)0'5 
 7.301:00 AM 3:314.00 PM ,:,...31 (ii alai k 114112:00 PM / / C/6 
 %/QC, 
 MORNING WATCI I DAY WATCH EVENING WATCH 
 OPERATIONS OPERATIONS OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT LIEUTENANT LIEUTENANT 
 A staff member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
 detention or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
 a.m. — 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the sante hour (example, 
 12:30 am - 1:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds arc to be 
 conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 inmates apart. All observations must be 
 documented. 
 REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCI I LIEUTENANT 
 CAPTAIN 
 EFTA00032361
m. CO rdJ OD ,J1 Coo am Yon 
 tF40011RotIIM4VFIT 
 MCC NEW YORK 
 SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
 30 MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
 ZB 
 DATE: 
 - - A2 -lc 
 IPEOMIROIR0•760 
 TIME 
 FRAME 
 TIME 
 START 
 MAE 
 END 
 SIGNATURE TIME FRAME TIME 
 START 
 TIME 
 END 
 SIGNATURE TIME FRAME TIME 
 START 
 TIME SIGNATURE 
 END 
 1200-12:30 APIA 8:00-8:30 AM 4:00-4:30 PM 
 / b 
 12:30- 1:00AM 8:30- 9:110 AM 4:30-5:00 PM 
 100-1:30 AM 9:00-0:30 AM 
 e' 
 600 -5:30 PM 5 p kg ,,G 
 1:30-200 AM 
 i 930-1000 AM 5:30400 PIA 
 I 
 Z. 
 1 ,..---• 
 45
 t 
 200-2:30 AM 
 . . 1
 \U 1000-10:30 AM 5:004:30 PIA 
 O 7 0 
 2:30490 AM 1030-11:00 AM i 930-7:00 PM 
 .?ki 63 . 
 39D-0:70 AM 
 1A L
 11:0041:30AM 
 „A 
 7:00-7:30 PM 
 . 3 1
 3:30-4:00 AM L11:30-12:00AM 7:30-8:00 PM 
 4. - 00-4:30 AM 120042:30 PM 
 /7
 8:004:30 PM Ar.
 V 
 4:30-5:00 AM 1230- 1:00 PM 8:30- 900 PM  12,, i 
 5:00 -5:30AM t00-1:30 PM 900-9.30 PM 
 5:30-8:00 AM 110-203 PM 
 4./ V .)
 0:30-10:00 PM 
 5 
 0 1" 
 41 
 8:004:30 AM 
 Ir..\\ ) 
 e d \ 
 200-230 PM 10:00-1930 PM A/ 7/019 
 930-7:00 AM 210-3:00 PM 10:30-11:C0 PM /ify $7103-1 
 7:00-7:30 AM 340-3:30 PM 11:00-11:30 PM lizz...ii 
 7:304:00 AM 3:30-4:00 PM 11:30-12:00 PM /yinpsy
 MORNING WATCH 
 OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT 
 DAY WATCH 
 OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT 
 EVENING WATCH 
 OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT 
 a A staff member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as t administrative 
 detention or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour ( mple, 12:00 
 a.m.— 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hout (example, 
 12:30 am — 1:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
 conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
 documented. 
 REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT 
 CAPTAIN 
 EFTA00032362
1440 Anil TON SOO MW TORN 
 IPICIAl PIOUS 104WAIT 
 MCC NEW YORK 
 SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
 30 MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
 ZB 
 DATE:ILZ - /9 
 MAIM 110WInGunir 
 TIME 
 RAMS 
 TIME 
 START 
 TIME SIGNATURE TIME FRAME 
 ENO 
 TIME 
 START 
 TAE 
 END 
 SP3NATURE TIME FRAME TIME 
 START 
 TIME SIGNATURE 
 END 
 12:00-12:30AM 4/0if 8:004:30 AM 
 W.
 4:004:30 PM 
 12:30- 1:00 AM IriMilni 8:30 9:00 A1A =El 4:30-5:00 PM 
 S9 
 1:001:30 AM nra itr 9004:30 AM 
 C M fin 
 5:00 •S30 PM 
 00 AM 
 1:30.2:00 AM 
 PM ffil 
 9:30-10:00 AM q 44'16 IMMI 
 CII: 
 000430 PM 
 n 
 •0 1 0 s4D 
 2.004:30 AM 
 Ma 
 ry a 10:00-10:30 AM 0 b, \ ty..t" 
 , 
 2304:00 AM MIMI 1030-11:00MA 014 
 V p3 
 3.034:30 AM 380 30S11:00-11:30AM 
 if 0-It/`i 
 7:007:30 PM 
 DO 
 P 
 310-4:00 AM -3 Tr 3,002 11:30-1200 AM 
 t 1 irC) 
 7:30-8:00 PM 
 • -1 O 
 4:004:30 AM 
 MCA 
 1200-12:30 PM MEM 8004:30 PIA Ay CO 0 
 4:30-5:00 AM 
 Ung i a 
 1230.1:00 PM MEM 8:30- 900 PM ♦. I 
 5:00 -5:30 AM MEI 1:00.1:30 PM nn 
 L 
 9004:30 PM 
 i 00 
 930400 AM 1re-1:30-2:00 PM 
 1 -ta/ t 3 b 
 930-1000 PM 4
 C t 
 6 004:30 AM / 
 °C
 2:004:30 PM / 
 I l i / 7)-- 
 10:0010:30 PM 1 CIO IVES
 6:30-700 AM 
 MIMI 
 2:30-3:00 PM 
 '3-51-- 
 10:3041:00 PM 
 090
 033 
 7.007:30 AM 
 Mira 
 300-3:30 PM ,,.. 
 o‘ 
 11:00-11:30 PM 
 .- 0 o C 0 
 7:304:00 AM 
 1 -75C I 
 3:30-4.00 PM 
 ° I )4 
 11:30-12:00 PM 1130(
 MORNING WATCH 
 OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT 
 II DAY WATCH 
 OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT 
 EVENING WATCH 
 OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT 
 I 
 A staff member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
 detention or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
 a.m.— 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
 12:30 am — I:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
 conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
 documented. 
 REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
 CAPTAIN 
 EFTA00032363
UGC MIN 110/14 ROO 41W void 
 O1O1AI NOUSIA4sAil 
 MCC NEW YORK 
 SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
 30 NIINUTE CIIECK SIIEFF 
 ZA 
 TIER -G 
 DATE:  08/07/2019 
 IPECIMUOVIIIIG nut 
 TIME 
 FRAME 
 TIME 
 START 
 TIME SIGNATURE TIME FRAME 
 END 
 TIME 
 START 
 TIME I SIGNATURE I TIME FRAME 
 END 
 TIME 
 START 
 TIME 
 END 
 SIGNATURE 
 12 00.12 30 AM 
 12:30- 1:00AM 
 1:041:30AM 
 1:30.2:00 AM 
 ( 
 11- 1 4 0
 1 1 1 
 Ef 
 l - --1 
 No 
 8:00.8.30 AM 
 8:30. 9:00 MI 
 9:00-9:30 AM 
 9:30.10:00 AM 
 St. 
 °.-t) 
 cis( 
 % 11. 
 Isk-tus 
 Sil 
 4 00.4 30 PM 
 4 345.00 PM 
 5 00 -5:30 PM 
 5 304 00 PM 
 ( -go 
 4 ) O ,
 V - 10 
 411 
 443 
 co, 
 9/ 
 2:00-2:30 MI 
 2:30.3:00 Nil 
 300-3:30 NA 
 330-4:00 AM 
 4 00-4.30 AM 
 4 36560 NA 
 70 K 
 3 06
 35b 
 u3 , - 1
 f 
 3 
 33 1 / 
 /3 
 tl3s 
 10:00-10:30 AM 
 *0:30-11:00 AM 
 11:00-11:30 AM 
 11:30.12:00 AM 
 12 . 00-12 30 PM 
 12 . 30- 1:00 PM 
 W -13
 %.1 
 1 1 11 
 \fin 
 118 
 lots
 cs S 
 1 
 6 . 00.6:30 PM 
 630-)00 PM 
 700.7'30 PM 
 F 730.8:00 PM 
 )14. 
 8 004 30 PM 
 8 30- 900PM 
 -711-
 IV/ 
 Sol
 9E13 
 613 
 643 
 - 713 
 7Y2-
 73/0 
 6 W? 
 9/9 
 5 00 4 30AM 
 5 30-6 00 AM 
 6 004 30AM 
 6.30.7.00 AM 
 tO6 
 (3b 
 EII) 
 636 
 137 
 637 
 104110 PM 
 1342 00 PM 
 2 60-2 30 PM 
 2.304:00 PM 
 100 
 no 
 2,11 
 mg 9 004 30 PM 
 100 
 0 30.10 00 PM 
 a 
 10.0410 30 PM 
 10:3411:00 PM 
 9/1 
 9 112-
 102-
 I/ b/ 
 lit/1 
 1Y3 
 /6/3 
 /6713 
 7 . 00-7.30 Nil 
 730.8'00 NA 
 - 710
 n 
 11/ 
 13, 
 3:00-3'.30 PM 
 3:30.4.00 PM 
 323
 .6.50 
 3 2-
 D S 
 11:00-11:30 PM 
 11:361260 PM 
 ///r 
 //(0.-
 MORNIE4 WATCH DAY WATCH EVENING WATCH 
 OPERATIONS OPERATIONS OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT LIEUTENANT LIEUTENANT 
 A staff member must observe all in males confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
 don: ion or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
 a.m. - 12:30 a.m.) followed by another rotund in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
 12:30 am — 1:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
 conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
 documented. 
 REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT 
 CAPTAIN 
 EFTA00032364
AIGG Ma YORA 
 lenG11141101111AGHIT 
 MCC NEW YORK 
 SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
 30 MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
 ZA 
 T1ER-H 
 DATE: 08/07/2019 
 IRCO OW TOR^ 
 0 
 SPICAMI10101144 W it 
 TIME 
 FRAME 
 12:00.12:30 AM 
 12'30- 1:00 AM 
 00.130 AM 
 190.200 AM 
 2 00-2 30 AM 
 2 30.300 MA 
 340-3.30 NA 
 3.30-4:00 MA 
 4.00-4:30 AM 
 4:30-5:00 AM 
 5:00.5:30 AM 
 5:30-6:00 AAA 
 6:00-6:30 AM 
 6.347'00 MA 
 7.00-7:30 MA 
 7:304:00 MA 
 TIME 
 START 
 IN 
 7 
 2-
 3 ON 
 *53/ 
 kt3 
 ow 
 nu
 70 
 O 
 736 
 TIME SIGNATURE TIME FRAME 
 END 
 1-
 /Z. LI3 
 uo 
 2-03 
 1 
 331- 
 till 
 ( 133 
 1° 
 13 
 b3s 
 'R 
 133 
 TIME 
 START 
 TIME 
 START 
 TIME 
 END 
 SIGNATURE 
 8.00430 AM 
 3.304.00 PM 
 TIME SIGNATURE TIME FRAME 
 END 
 So\ 
 4:00-4:30 PM 
 4:30-5:00 PM 
 5:00.5:30 PM 
 5:304:00 PM 
 6404 30 PM 
 6.34700 PM 
 7.00.7.30 PM 
 7:304.00 PIA 
 8:00.8.30 PM 
 8.30- 940 PM 
 940-9:30 PM 
 R30.1040 PM 
 10:00.10:30 PM 
 10:30-11:00 PM 
 11:00.11:30 PM 
 11:30.12:00 PM 
 3 5 
 MORNING WATCH DAY WATCH EVENING WATCH 
 OPERATIONS OPERATIONS OPERATIONS 
 .I EUTENANT LIEUTENANT LIEUTENANT 
 A staff member must observe all in males confined in 8 continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
 deten ion or disciplinary segregation, at least once ill the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
 a.m. — 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round ill the second 30 shutoffs period of the same hour (example, 
 12:30 am — 1:00 a.m.). thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
 conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
 documented. 
 REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCI I LIEUTENANT 
 CAPTAIN 
 EFTA00032365
M.. mital S00 II4W 19104 
 wovoncofill 
 TIME 
 FRAME 
 12 00.12.30AM 
 12 30- 1:00 AM 
 1 00.1.30 Ala 
 I.30-2 00 AM 
 2 00.2:30 AM 
 2.30.3:00 AM 
 3:00-3:30 AM 
 130-400 AM 
 4:00-4:30 AM 
 4:30-5.00 AM 
 5.00 -5:30 AM 
 530.6 00 AM 
 004 30AM 
 030-7 00 AM 
 700-7:30 AM 
 730.8:00 AM 
 TIME 
 START 
 91a.
 131 
 EN 3 
 cia 
 6)1 
 GIN 
 MCC NEW YORK 
 SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
 30 MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
 L -TIER 
 DATE: 08/07/2019 
 TIME SIGNATURE TIME FRAME 
 ENO 
 ti33 
 (( I
 3/3 
 3110 
 / 1 3 
 yip/
 sq3 
 I./ 3 
 ,U9 
 '7 r7 
 8 00-8 30 AM 
 12:30. 1:00 PM 
 1 00-1 30 PM 
 130.2'00 PM 
 200.230 PM ., 
 2 30.3 00 PM 
 3.00-3.30 PM 
 330.400 PM 
 TIME 
 START 
 1r 2-
 /.7 
 2 Y3 
 3/X 
 "/t 
 TIME SIGNATURE TIME FRAME 
 END 
 /an
 4 00-4 30PM 
 TIME 
 START 
 YO 
 TIME SIGNATURE 
 END 
 Ltb3 
 4 30-5 00 PM to y 
 45 1 
 8.30. 9.00 PM 
 1 
 9 d0-9 30 PM 
 15 - 3 
 .2/3 
 31 c 
 1 y1 
 9.30-10:00 PM 
 1000-10:30 PM 
 10:30-11.00 PM 
 11:00-11:30 PM 
 11:30-12:00PM 
 13 , 1 
 11O 
 ?pi 
 Inoy 
 1036
 11 DC 
 P3 2 --
 g7c
 'II 
 “1 -
 nor 
 /DV 
 I/33 
 MORNING WATCH DAY WATCH EVENING WATCH 
 OPERATIONS OPERATIONS OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT LIM:II:NAN I LIEUTINANT 
 A staff member MUM observe all inmates confined in a CONIIII11005 locked down status, such as administrative 
 deten ion or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
 a.m.— 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
 12:30 a — 1:00 a.m.), thus ensuring all inmate Is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
 conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
 documented. 
 REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
 CAPTAIN 
 EFTA00032366
•00 MIL Mint MOO 11011 voila 
 ee7 .
 JelC4011101/110410111 
 MCC NEW YORK 
 SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
 30 MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
 M -TIER 
 DATE: 08/07/2019 
 IIICIAINOLOSIA4 unit 
 TIME 
 FRAME 
 TIME 
 START 
 TIME 
 END 
 SIGNATURE TIME FRAME TIME 
 START 
 TIME 
 END 
 SIGNATURE TIME FRAME TIME 
 START 
 TIME SIGNATURE 
 END 
 12:00-12:30 AM 
 f 
 ( ex'8.00.8:30  AM 
 Sms 
 C/031:. 4004:30 PM 64
 ``
 436
 tip Jr
 IVO 
 12.30. 100AM 15 it it) c 8 30. 9 00AM VS4 S
 -
 S1 i 30.5-00 PM 
 ) 
 I CIOT 30 AM 
 i / / 
 1.-- -
 5 00 .5 30 PM 101 IDS-
 ¶ 30.2 00 ALI ( 33 
 (3 t / 
 930.1000A/A 
 1 / 4 k R‘-13
 5304'.00 PM 
 ray 
 s - 3
 2 002 30 ALI to ii*-1, 10.0010:
 30AM to 04 tb t-
 i 6004.30 PM 1:7 6 6 et)) 
 2.30.3 00 AM Lit 
 I-- 
 10.30-11:00 AM ID 
 ' I o 
 630.7:00 PM 
 63 
 (, 63? 
 3:004.30MA 
 3/0 
 3, 7 I t1.0041:30 AM 
 it it% l I `)-Z 
 7.004:30 PM 7b 6 7D7 
 3:304.00 AM 3 -5-i 3 3'I1:30.12:O0 AM th 
 1x21 
 (lg .
 ' 7 30-8:00 PM 13 f 
 736
 -
 <00.4:30 AM Li/ 6 to 7 12:0042:30 PM 
 1 - O- ISP 
 8004:30 PM Icibti Ips-
 430-500AM 
 ./
 L.( 
 / Win,12:30.1:00 PM k..)„..
 vi i 2 ,ks 
 8 30. 9:00 PM 
 '336 37 
 5.00 -5:30 AM ...el O 5t/ 1.004'.30 PM 
 122 \•).7 
 900930 PM 7/z, 5/7 
 5:304'00 AM S-11O Pt/ 1.30-2100 PM 
 I 5L( 05
 9.3040:00 PM 
 MI 6 EP57 
 6.00-6:30 AM 6/ é 
 6/O 
 200.2:30 PM 
 2 --t i k S---
 10:00-10:30 PM 
 fob 6 bD7 
 ',/03' 
 610-7:00 AM e,iii, Liti 5 214.000 PM 14S 
 r A.1 (. 
 10:30-11:00 PM /b3.7 
 7:00-7:30 AM lit" ...0 5- 300-3:30 PM
 I \ in 'II% 
 11:00-17:30 PM po?00t)
 7:30-8:00 Ala 7tn,_7 v3 3:304:00 PM 3t.
 L k 3 k( 5 
 11:30-12:00 PM I/ 3 y 1/3
 MORNING WATCI I DAY WATCI I EVENING WATCH 
 OPERATIONS OPERATIONS OPERATIONS 
 LIEU'l ENANT LIEU! ENAN T LIEUTENANT 
 A staff member ;mist observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
 detention or disciplinary segregation. at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
 a.m.— 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
 12:30 am — 1:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
 conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
 documented. 
 REVIIEWED I3Y MORNING wivrai LIEUTENANT 
 CAPTAIN 
 EFTA00032367
MCC A W YORK 
 C4114110111111404 
 MCC NEW YORK 
 SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
 30 MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
 ZA 
 TIER -J 
 DATE: 08/07/2019 
 UGC ntW Malt 
 mcmulowinc Val, 
 TIME 
 FRAME 
 12:00-12:30 AM 
 12:30- 1:00AM 
 1:00-1:30 AM 
 I:302:00 AM 
 2:00.2:30 AM 
 2:303:00 AM 
 3:00-3:30 AM 
 1303:00 AM 
 4:00-4:30 AM 
 4:30-5:00 AM 
 5:00 4:30 AM 
 5:30-6:00 AM 
 6'00-6:30 AM 
 6 . 30-700 AM 
 7:304:00 AM 
 TIME 
 START 
 so" 
 a 3 
 3d 
 3 
 - Oct 
 Li3, 
 (33 
 1 / 7-
 TIME SIGNATURE 
 END 
 1Lb 1
 7 
 11 
 23')
 07 
 31
 KIT 
 IND 
 S37
 sq I 
 1 3 
 7:00.7:30 AM 3:00-3:30 PM 11:00-11:30 PM 
 TIME FRAME 
 300430 AM 
 TIME 
 START 
 TIME SIGNATURE TIME FRAME 
 END 
 Sox 
 10:00-10:30 AM IfL4 t Ezi c‘ 
 1930-11:00 AM t0 q toss 
 11:00-11:30 AM 113l 
 1200-12:30 PM 
 1230.1:00 PM 
 1:091:30 PM 
 1:392:00 PM 
 2:00-2:30 PM 
 2730410 PM 
 230-4:00 PM 
 121 
 t S c, 
 . 3)1 
 4:094:30 PM 
 TIME 
 START 
 bb 
 4:30-5:00 PM ti 3 ?; 
 TIME 
 END 
 5.004:30 PM o-6 50) 
 5:30-6:00 PM s--7 6 I-37 
 6:30-7:00 PM n 637 
 8:00-8:30 PM 
 9309:00 PM 
 900-9:30 PM 
 930-10:00 PM 
 1900-W:30 PM 
 10:30-11:00 PM 
 11:30-1200 PM 
 I 
 P6
 171 
 'Pr 
 '33 
 /op, 
 /veto 
 /RI 
 307 
 $39 
 V 5-
 939 
 /Do, 
 11/1 
 113) 
 SIGNATURE 
 MORNING WATCH DAY WATCII EVENING wivrcti 
 OPERATIONS OPERATIONS OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT LIEUTENANT LIEUTENANT 
 A staff member must observe all inmates confined In a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
 deten ion or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
 a.m. — 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
 12:30 am — I:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
 conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
 documented. 
 REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
 CAPTAIN 
 EFTA00032368
I.GG Mil 'OAK 
 JP Wall liousinG onli 
 TIME 
 FRAME 
 12:00-12:30 AM 
 12:30- 1:00 AM 
 1:00430 AM 
 1:30-2:00 AM 
 2004:30 AM 
 2:30.3:00 MA 
 3130430 AM 
 3 30-4:00 AM 
 4 00-4:10 AM 
 4:30-5:00 AM 
 5:00 4:30 /JA 
 5:30400 AM 
 6:004:30 AM 
 6:30.7:00 AM 
 7:004 . 30 AM 
 730.6:00 AM 
 TIME 
 START 
 0 4 6 
 63 ()ST 
 MCC NEW YORK 
 SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT 
 30 MINUTE CHECK SHEET 
 ZA 
 TIER -K 
 DATE: 08/07/2019 
 TOE 
 START 
 TIME SIGNATURE 
 END 
 11:0011:30 AM t 1 }is 11.)„y 
 12:30. 1:00 PM 
 1 - 03-2:30 PM 
 TIME FRAME 
 4:00-4:30 PM 
 TIME 
 START 
 o$ 
 ROC ;mu 10Ait 
 $P4C11111.01/11114Ufill 
 4:304:00 PM II Li 0 CM 
 5:005:30 PM rct 6 
 5 0 7 
 6:004:30 PM 
 113 
 vo or 
 6:307:00 PM la tip 
 6 
 ((/ 
 7:00-7:30 PM 
 7:304:00 PM 
 9004:10 PM Irby)
 9:30.9:00 PM 
 10:00-10:30 PM t 
 b t7// 
 10:30-11:00 PM bin, b 
 11:30.12:00 PM 
 MORNING WATCII DAY WATCI I EVENING WATCH 
 OPERATIONS OPERATIONS OPERATIONS 
 LIEUTENANT LIEUTENANT LIEUTENANT 
 A staff member must observe all inmates confined in a continuous locked down status, such as administrative 
 detention or disciplinary segregation, at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 
 a.m. — 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minutes period of the same hour (example, 
 12:30 am — 1:00 a.m.), thus ensuring an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be 
 conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than 40 minutes apart. All observations must be 
 documented. 
 REVIEWED BY MORNING WATCH LIEUTENANT  
 CAPTAIN 
 EFTA00032369
From: Microsoft Outlook <MicrosollExchange329e7lecRgae4615bbc36abece41109e(ajdoj365.onmierosoft.com> 
 Date: Wed. 14 Aug 2019 16:40:43 +0000 
 Embedded: unnamed 
 Your message couldn't be delivered to multiple recipients. 
 The recipients weren't found at bop.gov. 
 RDonaleski 
 Action Required 
 Unknown To address 
 Couldn't deliver to the following recipients: 
 Office 365 Recipients 
 Recipients 
 How to Fix It 
 The address may be misspelled or may not exist. Try one or more of the 
 following: 
 • Send the message again following these steps: In Outlook, open 
 this non-delivery report (NDR) and choose Send Again from the 
 Report ribbon. In Outlook on the web, select this NDR, then select 
 the link "To send this message again, click here." Then delete 
 and retype the entire recipient address. If prompted with an Auto-
 Complete List suggestion don't select it. After typing the complete 
 address, click Send. 
 • Contact the recipient (by phone, for example) to check that the 
 address exists and is correct. 
 • The recipient may have set up email forwarding to an incorrect 
 address. Ask them to check that any forwarding they've set up is 
 working correctly. 
 • Clear the recipient Auto-Complete List in Outlook or Outlook on 
 the web by following the steps in this article: Fix email delivery 
 iccups feu. prrnr Mt, C I 10 in Offiro 165, and then send the 
 message again. Retype the entire recipient address before 
 selecting Send. 
 If the problem continues, forward this message to your email admin. If 
 you're an email admin, refer to the More Info for Email Admins 
 section below. 
 Was this helpful' Sethifeedbadalliaptoft 
 More Info for Email Admins 
 Status rode: 5505.1.10 
 This error occurs because the sender sent a message to an email address hosted by 
 Office 365 but the address is incorrect or doesn't exist at the destination domain. The 
 error is reported by the recipient domain's email servers but most often it must be fixed 
 by the person who sent the message. If the steps in the How to Fix It section above 
 don't fix the problem, and you're the email admin for the recipient try one or more of 
 the following: 
 The email address exists and is correct - Confirrn that the recipient address exists, is 
 correct and is accepting messages. 
 Synchronize your directories - If you have a hybrid environment and are using 
 directory synchronization make sure the recipient's email address is synced correctly in 
 both Office 365 and in your on-premises directory. 
 Errant forwarding rule - Check for forwarding rules that aren't behaving as expected. 
 EFTA00032370
Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 New York, NY 10007 
 mailto:
 EFTA00031957
Forwarding can be set up by an admin via mail flow rules or mailbox forwarding address 
 settings, or by the recipient via the Inbox Rules feature. 
 Recipient has a valid license - Make sure the recipient has an Office 365 license 
 assigned to them. The recipient's email admin can use the Office 365 admin center to 
 assign a license (Users > Active Users > select the recipient > Assigned License > Edit). 
 Mail flow settings and MX records are not correct - Misconfigured mail flow or MX 
 record settings can cause this error. Check your Office 365 mail flow settings to make 
 sure your domain and any mail flow connectors are set up correctly. Also. work with your 
 domain registrar to make sure the MX records for your domain are configured correctly. 
 For more information and additional tips to fix this issue, see Fix email delivery issues for 
 prror rode SI 10 in ClffieP MR. 
 Original Message Details 
 Created Date: 8/14/2019 4:40:41 PM 
 Sender Address: 
 Recipient Address: sscannell@bop.gov 
 Subject: RE: MCC Visit Thursday 
 Error Details 
 Reported error: 
 DSN generated by 
 Message Hops 
 550 5 L 10 RESOLVERADR RecipientNotFounct Recipient 
 not found by SMTP address lookup 
 BN3P110MB0292 NAMP110.PROD.OUTLOOK.COM 
 HOP TIME (UK) FROM TO WIT/1 REM/TIME 
 8114/2019 
 1 4,40.41 
 PM 
 844/2019 
 2 4,40.42 
 PM 
 Original Message Headers 
 EFTA00032371
Empty content found in page 461
From: ' 
 To: "Miller, Michael" •cl 
 Cc: "Martin G. Weinbe 
 "Weingarten, Reid" 
 Subject: Re: US v Epstein 
 Date: Wed, 14 Aug 2019 21:05:36 +0000 
 )"  
 "Gilbert, Sara" 
 Thanks very much. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Aug 14, 2019, at 4:53 PM, Miller, Michael 
 < 
 Alison — 
 Why don't we use the following dial-in for tomorrow at 9:30? 
 80943# 
 Mike 
 Michael C. Miller 
 Partner 
 Stept )C 
 Steptoe & Johnson LLP 
 www.steptoe.com 
 I New York, NY 10036 
 > wrote: 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the law firm Steptoe & Johnson LLP that may be confidential and/or privileged. If 
 you are not the intended recipient. please do not read. copy, distribute. or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please 
 notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 4:42 PM 
 To: Martin G. Weinberg 
 Cc: 
 Miller, Michael < 
 Subject: Re: US v Epstein 
 Marty, 
 That time works for us, thanks. Could you please circulate a dial-in? 
 Thanks. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 >; Weingarten, Reid 
 EFTA00032373
On Aug 14, 2019, at 11:23 AM, Martin G. Weinberg <> wrote: 
 Alex, Mike and I are authorized to continue the discussion of potential civil forfeiture issues with you. Are you 
 available at 930 tomorrow morning? Thanks 
 Martin G. Weinberg, Esq. 
 Boston, MA 02116 
 This Electronic Message contains information from the Law 
 Office of Martin G. Weinberg, P.C., and may be privileged. The information is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of 
 the contents of this message is prohibited. 
 EFTA00032374
From: 
 < 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: MCC Visit Thursday 
 Date: Thu, 15 Aug 2019 13:40:21 +0000 
 Ok we are heading over now 
 On Aug 15, 2019, at 9:39 AM, > wrote: 
 Thanks! I just walked Mr. O'Callahan and over to meet with the Regional Director and new Warden. 
 >» 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, August 15, 2019 8:54 AM 
 To: 
 '>; 
 Subject: Re: MCC Visit Thursday 
 8/15/2019 9:31 AM >» 
 Sorry about the abrupt prior email. I was hoping to get the names so we could ensure we have enough vests for 
 everyone. 
 >>> " " < > 8/14/201910:56 PM >» 
 I just found out that additional law enforcement agents will be joining but I don't know how many and who. I asked. rm 
 sorry! 
 On Aug 14, 2019, at 12:49 PM, 
 mso 9j--> <!--rendif1--> 
 Resending, I got an error last time. 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 12:41 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: MCC Visit Thursday 
 - Principal Deputy Attorney General 
 US Attorney 
 < wrote: 
 EFTA00032375
From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 12:26 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: MCC Visit Thursday 
 Hi 
 Not a problem. I will add them to the list. Do you have everyone's titles? 
 I will advise the Warden of the request that he accompany us on the tour. 
 iimmo Thank you, 
 Supervisory Staff Attorney 
 CLC New York 
 Metropolitan Correctional Center 
 150 Park Row 
 New York, New York 10007 
 C 
 C 
 C 
 >; 
 >> >' 
 „< 
 Two additional people from DO1 will join the visit: 
 Ed O'Callahan 
 > 8/14/2019 12:17 PM > » 
 In addition, Geoff has asked that the new acting warden join the tour. Let me know if you have any questions, thanks. 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, August 13, 2019 4:03 PM 
 To: >; 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: MCC Visit Thursday 
 If it is not too much of an imposition, we ask that all visitors come to our front lobby for screening before admission. 
 Thanks! 
 C 
 >» 
 Yes, thank you. Where should we go? 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, August 13, 2019 3:38 PM 
 To: 
 C 
 >; 
 > 8/13/2019 3:58 PM > » 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: MCC Visit Thursday 
 Hi 
 It should not be a problem. Does 10 am work for Mr. Berman and the rest of his staff? 
 Thank you, 
 Supervisory Staff Attorney 
 CLC New York 
 Metropolitan Correctional Center 
 150 Park Row 
 New York, New York 10007 
 EFTA00032376
> 8/13/2019 2:05 PM >>> 
 The list of visitors from our office is below: 
 Geoffrey Berman 
 As discussed, we would like to see the 2nd floor pscyh observation and suicide watch area; the 9th floor SHU, and 
 Epstein's cell, which we understand to still be cordoned off. As discussed, we would appreciate if only MCC legal 
 would escort us, and we will not speak to any of the guards present given the ongoing investigations. Please give me 
 a call with any questions, and let us know what time and where we should go, and if it would be easier for us to enter 
 via the 3rd floor bridge. 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032377
From: 
 To: 
 Subject RE: MCC Visit Thursday 
 Date: Fri, 16 Aug 2019 11:21:02 +0000 
 >, 
 Thank you for your guidance during the tour. Please let us know if you have further questions or need anything else. It was 
 great seeing you again. 
 >> >" > 8/15/2019 2:17 PM >» 
 Thank you both for everything today — really appreciate it, and lovely to see you, as always! 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, August 15, 2019 9:40 AM 
 To: >; 
 Subject: RE: MCC Visit Thursday 
 Thanks! Ijust walked Mr. O'Callahan and over to meet with the Regional Director and new Warden. 
 >>> " " < 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, August 15, 2019 8:54 AM 
 To: 
 Subject: Re: MCC Visit Thursday 
 > 8/15/2019 9:31 AM > » 
 Sorry about the abrupt prior email. I was hoping to get the names so we could ensure we have enough vests for everyone. 
 >> > " > 8/14/2019 10:56 PM >>> 
 Ijust found out that additional law enforcement agents will be joining but I don't know how many and who. I asked. I'm 
 sorry! 
 On Aug 14, 2019, at 12:49 PM, > wrote: 
 <!--[if mso 9]--> <!--[endifJ--> 
 Resending, I got an error last time. 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 12:41 PM 
 To: >; 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: MCC Visit Thursday 
 incipal Deputy Attorney General 
 US Attorney 
 EFTA00032378
From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 12:26 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: MCC Visit Thursday 
 Hi EM„ 
 Not a problem. I will add them to the list. Do you have everyone's titles? 
 I will advise the Warden of the request that he accompany us on the tour. 
 Thank you, 
 Supervisory Staff Attorney 
 CLC New York 
 Metropolitan Correctional Center 
 150 Park Row 
 New York, New York 10007 
 > » " " < 
 Adam, 
 Two additional people from DO1 will join the visit: 
 8/14/2019 12:17 PM > » 
 In addition, =as asked that the new acting warden join the tour. Let me know if you have any questions, thanks. 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, August 13, 2019 4:03 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: MCC Visit Thursday 
 If it is not too much of an imposition, we ask that all visitors come to our front lobby for screening before admission. 
 Thanks! 
 Yes, thank you. Where should we go? 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, August 13, 2019 3:38 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: MCC Visit Thursday 
 Hi a 
 It should not be a problem. Does 10 am work for Mr. Berman and the rest of his staff? 
 Thank you, 
 8/13/2019 3:58 PM >>> 
 Supervisory Staff Attorney 
 CLC New York 
 EFTA00032379
Metropolitan Correctional Center 
 150 Park Row 
 New York, New York 10007 
 >» " 
 Adam, 
 The list of visitors from our office is below: 
 8/13/2019 2:05 PM > » 
 As discussed, we would like to see the ed floor pscyh observation and suicide watch area; the 9th floor SHU, and 
 Epstein's cell, which we understand to still be cordoned off. As discussed, we would appreciate if only MCC legal would 
 escort us, and we will not speak to any of the guards present given the ongoing investigations. Please give me a call with 
 any questions, and let us know what time and where we should go, and if it would be easier for us to enter via the 3rd
 floor bridge. 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 Tel: 
 EFTA00032380
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell 
 Date: Fri, 04 Dec 2020 21:31:37 +0000 
 )11 < 
 Thank you 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, December 4, 2020 4:30 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell 
 is going to make the change 
 Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smarlphone 
 ------- Original message -------
 From: ' 
 Date: 12/4/20 3:22 PM 
 < 
 GMT -05:00 
 Subject: RE: New drive lbr Maxwell 
 >» ' )" 12/04/2020 15:22 >» 
 In particular, there appears to be a track change that is included in the second page, which 
 Id fix before we submit this to Judge Nathan. 
 We also were hoping to chat about some other issues, but even if that's not possible, we're 
 the court with a clean copy without the track change. 
 Thanks 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 New York, NY 10007 
 we are hoping you cou 
 hoping we can provide 
 EFTA00031958
From: Mail Delivery Subsystem <MAILER-DAEMON@DBMDCJC01-PPOINT09.jcots.jutnet.net> 
 To: 
 Subject: Returned mail: see transcript for details 
 Date: Wed, 14 Aug 2019 15:02:39 +0000 
 Embedded: unnamed 
 The original message was received at Wed. 14 Aug 2019 15:02:39 GMT 
 from (10.187.9.621 
 The following addresses had permanent fatal errors 
 (reason: 550 Host unknown) 
 Transcript of session follows ----
 550 5 1.2 Host unknown (Name server: : host not found) 
 EFTA00032381
From: '
 " c=1=1=> 
 To:
 Cc: ' 
 Subject: Tova Noel 
 Date: Wed, 14 Aug 2019 15:02:28 +0000 
 Attachments: 2019.08.14 Tova Noel Subpoena.pdf 
 Mr. Foy, 
 Based on our phone conversation, I understand that you represent Ms. Noel and are authorized to accept service of this 
 subpoena on her behalf. Please see attached. 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 Tel: 
 EFTA00032382
From: "IMIE> 
 To:' 
 " ••=11=11.> 
 Subject: RE: Subpoenas Re 
 Date: Fri, 16 Aug 2019 17:28:04 +0000 
 Thanks again! 
 Ori inal Messa e 
 From: [mailto 
 Sent: Frida , Au ust 16 2019 1:13 PM 
 To: • <a 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Subpoenas Re 
 Subpoenas attached, thanks. 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York. NY 10007 
 Original Messa e 
 From:
 Sent: Thursday. August 15 2019 5:08 PM 
 To: 
 C 
 Subject: Subpoenas Re 
 Please pre are and return to me subpoenas for Wells Fargo, CITI, MoneyGram, Western Union and Experian 
 regarding I have attached the riders for the subpoenas. I will serve the subpoenas. 
 Additionally, please utilize the following text in the subpoenas: 
 If ou have an uestions lease contact Forensic Accountant 
 Please forward the results in an electronic format to Special Agent Federal Bureau of 
 Investigation, 26 Federal Plaza, New York, NY 10278, telephone 
 or Special Agent 
 EFTA00032383
If you have any questions or comments, please contact me. 
 Thanks 
 Forensic Accountant 
 FBI New York Field Office 
 26 Federal Plaza 
 NYC, NY 10278 
 Office: 
 EFTA00032384
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: Re: Interview notes 
 Date: Thu, 15 Aug 2019 21:27:05 +0000 
 Attachments 
 Detective 
 NYPD / FBI 
 Child Ex lunation Human Trafficking Task Force 
 Office: 
 Cell: 
 Fax: 
 From: (NY) (FBI) < 
 Sent: Thursday, August 15, 2019 4:25:26 PM 
 To: 
 < 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Interview notes 
 SA 
 FBI New York 
 VCAC/HT 
 C: 
 O: 
 EFTA00032385
From: 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 (OCME)"
 (NY) (OGA)" <MI=IME> 
 OCME 
 Subject: Re: Epstein video/autopsy 
 Date: Thu, 15 Aug 2019 21:29:38 +0000 
 (USANYS)" 
 (OIG)" 
 • (NY) (FBI)" la 
 HI: I've left work for the day and have forwarded this email to I am scheduled to do autopsies 
 tomorrow. If approves, we can approach him about coordinating this.
 Sent from my iPhone 
 > On Aug 15, 2019, at 5:12 PM, (NY) (OGA) czEl=la> wrote: 
 > 
 > 
 IM 
 > 
 > It was relayed that either yourself or reps from your office would like to view the surveillance footage on file 
 for Epstein. The files at this point cannot be viewed outside of FBI space due to software issues. If you would 
 like to view at 290 Broadway please let me know and I will coordinate. 
 > 
 >-
 EFTA00032386
From: "Miller, Michael" < 
 To: ' 
 Cc: 
 Reid" 
 "Weingarten, 
 "Lucas , Morgan"
 Subject: United States of America v. Epstein U.S. - 2nd Circuit Docket No. 19-2221 
 Date: Tue, 20 Aug 2019 14:56:58 +0000 
 Attachments: Draft_Stipulation_to_Withdraw_Appeal-c2.DOC 
 0 -
 If you can sign and return the attached stipulation to withdraw appeal we will file this when we get it back from 
 you. 
 Many thanks. 
 Mike 
 Michael C. Miller 
 Partner 
 Steptoe 
 Ste a toe & Johnson LLP 
 www.steptoe.com 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the law firm Steptoe & Johnson LLP that may be confidential andfor privileged. If you 
 are not the intended recipient, please do not read. copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
 sender Immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. 
 EFTA00032387
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS 
 FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT 
 UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
 Plaintiff -Appellee, ) Appeal No. 19-2221-cr 
 ) 
 v. 
 ) 
 ) 
 JEFFREY EPSTEIN ) 
 ) 
 Defendant -Appellant ) 
  ) 
 IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED by counsel for Jeffery Epstein, Defendant-
 Appellant, and the United States of America, Appellee, that, pursuant to Federal 
 Rule of Appellate Procedure 42, this appeal shall be dismissed with prejudice. The 
 parties understand and agree that, once dismissed, the appeal may not be reinstated. 
 IT IS FURTHER STIPULATED that neither party shall be entitled to 
 recover costs, expenses or fees from the other party. 
 EXECUTED on August , 2019. 
 /s/ Reid Weingarten 
 Reid Weingarten 
 Martin G. Weinberg 
 Counsel to Defendant- Appellant 
 Jeffrey Epstein 
 Counsel to Appellee 
 United States of America 
 EFTA00032388
From: (USANYS)"
 To: ' "< >, "Miller, Michael" 
 Cc: "I )" 
 >, "Weingarten, Reid" "'Martin G. 
 Weinberg" - owlmgw@att.net>, "Scavelli, Michael" mscavelli®Steptoe.com>, "Meade, Jason" 
 <jmeade®Steptoe.com> 
 Subject: RE: United States v. Jeffrey Epstein, 19-CRIM-00490 (S.D.N.Y.) 
 Date: Wed, 21 Aug 2019 02:32:17 +0000 
 Mr. Miller, 
 Per email, I will be the point of contact at the SDNY USAO for Touhy requests related to Jeffrey Epstein. 
 Thank you, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 86 Chambers Street, Third Floor 
 New York, New York 10007 
 Telephone: 
 Facsimile: 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, August 20, 2019 8:45 PM 
 To: Miller, Michael 
 Cc: >; Weingarten, Reid 
 ; 'Martin G. Weinberg' <owlmgw@att.net>; Scavelli, Michael <mscavelli@Steptoe.com>; 
 Meade, Jason <jmeade@Steptoe.com>; (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: United States v. Jeffrey Epstein, 19-CRIM-00490 (S.D.N.Y.) 
 Mike, 
 Consistent with the email sent by of our Civil Division on August 13, 2019, your August 20, 2019, requests for 
 disclosure made pursuant to the Department of Justice's Touhy regulations will be handled by AUSA of 
 our Civil Division, copied here. Please note that in light of the death of the defendant and in anticipation of the entry of 
 the proposed order of nolle prosequi, no further productions will be made in the context of the criminal case of United 
 States v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490. 
 Separately, we are not able to accept service of any materials on behalf of entities separate from this Office. 
 thank you, 
 From: Miller, Michael • 
 Sent: Tuesday, August 20, 2019 11:42 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Ma; 
 >; Weingarten, Reid 
 ; 'Martin G. Weinberg' <owlmgwPatt.net>. Scavelli, Michael <mscavelli@Steptoe.com>.
 EFTA00032389
Meade, Jason <jmeader@Steptoe.com>
 Subject: United States v. Jeffrey Epstein, 19-CRIM-00490 (S.D.N.Y.) 
 Please find attached correspondence for your attention. We intend to serve these requests separately on the 
 MCC and the FBI, but are providing you with copies of all three letters as a courtesy. If you are willing to accept 
 service for all three, we will not otherwise serve them. 
 Mike 
 Michael C. Miller 
 Partner 
 +1 212 506 3955 direct l +1 917 349 9129 mobile 1 +1 212 506 3950 fax 
 Steptoe 
 Steptoe & Johnson LLP 
 1114 Avenue of the Americas I New York, NY 10036 
 www.steptoe.com 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the law firm Steptoe & Johnson LLP that may be confidential andfor privileged. If you 
 are not the intended recipient, please do not read. copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
 sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. 
 EFTA00032390
Original Message 
 From: 
 Sent: Frida 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 December 4.2020 2:20 PM 
 Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell 
 Thank you very much. Would you have time for a quick call to discuss, please? 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 New York NY 10007 
 From: 
 Sent: Frida , December 4, 2020 2:04 PM 
 To: 
 C 
 Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell 
 Attached please find the letter to Hon. Nathan. 
 Best, 
 Staff Attorney 
 Department of Justice 
 Federal Bureau of Prisons 
 Metro litan Detention Center Brooklyn 
 Brooklyn, New York 11232 
 >; 
 EFTA00031959
From:OffshoreAlert <eventsgoffshorealert.com> 
 To: 
 Subject: Join in Tomorrow: Liquidity Stress and Monetizing Legal Assets during the Great Shutdown 
 Date: Mon, 27 Apr 2020 14:00:33 +0000 
 Webinar: Liquidity Stress and Monetizing Legal Assets 
 during the Great Shutdown 
 Join in tomorrow April 28 at 3 PM EST for the next LIVE webinar in The 
 OffshoreAlert Webinar Series on high-value, cross-border finance. 
 REGISTER FOR FREE 
 EFTA00032391
AGENDA 
 • The economics of dispute resolution and enforcement actions from 
 the corporate perspective 
 • How dispute resolution funding can support a cash preservation/asset 
 monetization strategy 
 • When advisors should consider dispute resolution funding as an option for 
 their clients 
 • Explanation of the process of assessing and reviewing potential claims 
 • The importance of an independent financial review and assessment of cash 
 and non-cash positions 
 • Examples of how litigation funding can be used for solvent and insolvent 
 companies in various contexts 
 PRESENTERS 
 Ken Epstein 
 Investment Manager & Legal Counsel, Omni Bridgeway 
 Ken Epstein is an investment manager and legal counsel at 
 Omni Bridgeway, responsible for leading the company's 
 investments in bankruptcy and insolvency-related matters. He 
 serves as a resource for debtors, creditors (including hedge 
 funds... 
 Joel Cohen 
 Managing Director, Stout 
 Joel Cohen is a Managing Director in the Dispute Consulting 
 group. Joel comes to the firm with over 17 years of experience 
 in the dispute, forensic, and insolvency practice areas, most 
 specifically focused in the financial services and asset... 
 Katie Catanese 
 Partner, Foley & Lardner 
 Katie R. Catanese is a partner and bankruptcy and 
 restructuring attorney with Foley & Lardner LLP in New York 
 City. She focuses her practice on representation of any 
 insolvency matter involving fraud, post-confirmation trusts and 
 trustees, and has... 
 EFTA00032392
Gabriel Bluestone 
 Attorney Bluestone Law International 
 Gabe Bluestone focuses his practice on commercial litigation, 
 asset recovery and judgment enforcement, as well as resolving 
 related business and real estate disputes. Gabe regularly 
 litigates all phases of commercial disputes in federal and... 
 ADDITIONAL INFO 
 What: Liquidity Stress and Monetizing Legal Assets during the Great Shutdown 
 When: Tuesday, April 28, 2020 at 3:00 PM Eastern Time (US & Canada) 
 Duration: 1 hour 
 Price: Free 
 Who can attend? Everyone, RSVP here 
 Share ;2, Tweet Share t'al Forward 
 Can't attend live? Register anyway so we can send you the recording. 
 UPCOMING WEBINARS IN THIS SERIES 
 EFTA00032393
Gr 
 WATCH PAST WEBINARS 
 EFTA00032394
Gr 
 ;., 
 THE OFFSHOREALERT WEBINAR SERIES 
 EFTA00032395
The OffshoreAlert Webinar Series will comprise weekly sessions over an indefinite 
 period on a variety of topics within the theme of high-value, cross-border finance. 
 Some of the leading experts in insolvencies, funding, asset recovery, fraud detection, 
 investigations, litigation, and financial products and services will impart their 
 knowledge and experience and attendees will be encouraged to ask questions. 
 Wherever you are in the world, if you have an Internet connection, you will be able to 
 log onto our platform via your computer and participate in the proceedings, including 
 asking questions - all free of charge. 
 Pt 
 WEBINAR SERIES 
 HIGH -VALUE CROSS BORDER FINANCE 
 EFTA00032396
p 
 view this email in  your browser 
 Copyright @ 2020 OffshoreAlert, Al! rights reserved. 
 You are receiving this email because you opted in at our website. 
 Our mailing address is: 
 OffshoreAlert 
 123 SE 3rd Ave #173 
 Miami, Fl 33131 
 Add us to  your address book 
 Want to change how you receive these emails? 
 You can update your preferences or unsubscribe from this list. 
 it Email Marketing 
 Powered by Mailchimp 
 EFTA00032397
From: " 
 To: " 
 (USANYS)" < > 
 (USANYS)" cz> 
 Subject: Accepted: Meet re Epstein 
 Date: Thu, 25 Apr 2019 13:31:06 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00032398
Event: Accepted: Meet re Epstein 
 Start Date: 2019-04-25 14:00:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2019-04-25 14:30:00 +0000 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Comment: 
 Date Created: 2019-04-25 17:07:15 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2019-04-25 17:07:15 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2019-04-25 13:24:04 +0000 
 Attendee: (USANYS) < > 
 EFTA00032399
From: Appellate Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To:
 Subject: Up Next At High Court: Census Brawl Dominates Busy Week 
 Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2019 07:18:20 +0000 
 iLaw360 Appellate 
 APPELLATE 
 Monday, April 22, 2019 tFollow Appellate Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Up Next At High Court: Census Brawl Dominates Busy Week 
 The Trump administration's attempt to put a citizenship question on the 
 census is the most high-profile case at the Supreme Court this week, but the 
 justices will also tackle issues affecting government contractors and Title VII 
 plaintiffs as it closes out the final argument session of the 2018 term. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 Census Citizenship Question Case Likely To Turn On APA L 
 Attorneys anticipate that the question of whether Commerce Secretary Wilbur 
 Ross violated the Administrative Procedure Act will take center stage during 
 oral arguments at the U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday, in a case challenging 
 his decision to include a question about citizenship status on the 2020 
 census. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 Supreme Court To Mull Title VII's Presuit Hurdles 
 The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday will hear a Texas county's challenge to 
 a Fifth Circuit decision letting a worker pursue a religious discrimination claim 
 she didn't make to the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission first, 
 a case that could resolve a circuit split over what workers have to do before 
 bringing federal discrimination suits. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 High Court FOIA Case May Alter Labor Agency's Disclosures 
 L 
 The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments Monday about the standard for 
 invoking a key exception to the Freedom of Information Act in a case that 
 could make it harder for employers with federal contracts to keep the reams 
 of data they send to the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs 
 under wraps, experts say. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 6th Circ. Ruling Raises Bar For Social Media Terrorism Suits 
 The Sixth Circuit's recent dismissal of a suit blaming Facebook, Twitter and 
 YouTube for radicalizing the man who carried out the 2016 mass shooting at 
 the Pulse nightclub in Florida makes clear that such Anti-Terrorism Act suits 
 have a slim chance of success. 
 Read full article » 
 ;.,Law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 1 -800 -Law -Firm 
 Akerman 
 Alston & Bird 
 Amin Turocy 
 Arnold & Porter 
 Baker Botts 
 Baker Donelson 
 Baker McKenzie 
 BakerHostetler 
 Ballard Spahr 
 Beveridge & Diamond 
 Blank Rome 
 Burns & Levinson 
 Carlton Fields 
 Cleary Gottlieb 
 Clyde & Co 
 Cohen Milstein 
 Cole Scott 
 Consovoy McCarthy 
 Cooley 
 DLA Piper 
 Davis MaIm 
 Davis Wright Tremaine 
 EFTA00032400
E: 
 SENSITIVE/PRIVILEGED COMMUNICATION 
 The information contained in this electronic message and any and all accompanying documents constitutes sensit 
 ive information. This information is the property of the U.S. Department of Justice. If you are not the intended r 
 ecipient of this information, any disclosures, copying, distribution, or the taking of any action in reliance on this i 
 nformation is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify us immediately to make arra 
 ngements for its return to us. 
 >> > ' 
 AM >» 
 Thank you very much. 
 )11 < 
 From: 
 Orii,Messa e 
 Sent: Friday. December 4. 2020 7:41 AM 
 To: 
 Subject: Re: New drive for Maxwell 
 Not a problem. 
 Best, 
 >> > 
 I. 
 PM >» 
 Hi all, 
 < 
 > 12/4/2020 9:39 
 > 12/3/2020 5:24 
 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine Maxwell, which should arrive at the M 
 DC tomorrow. This drive will replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the accompanying 
 cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? 
 Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be mailed to the below address: 
 Paralegal Specialist 
 U.S. Attorneys Office, SDNY 
 New York, NY 10007 
 Thanks very much, as always, for your help. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00031960
DC CIRCUIT 
 UPS Can't Reverse Pa. Facility's Unionization, DC Circ. Says 
 The D.C. Circuit on Friday rejected UPS Ground Freight Inc.'s effort to 
 overturn the unionization of employees at a Pennsylvania distribution facility, 
 ruling that the International Brotherhood of Teamsters and the National Labor 
 Relations Board had followed all the rules for certifying the union. 
 Decision attached I Read full article » 
 DC Circ. Won't Nix OK Of $500M Award Against Kazakhstan 
 Kazakhstan was unable to convince the D.C. Circuit on Friday that a lower 
 court had wrongly refused to consider evidence that a half-billion-dollar 
 arbitration award against it, which was issued to two Moldovan oil and gas 
 investors, had been tainted by fraud. 
 I document attached I Read full article » 
 Wireless Cos. Urge DC Circ. To Toss FCC's Verizon Fee Ruling 
 Two wireless providers jointly urged the D.C. Circuit on Friday to reverse a 
 Federal Communications Commission ruling that the roaming rates Verizon 
 charged to local carriers are reasonable, contending the rates aim to quash 
 smaller competitors. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 FEDERAL CIRCUIT 
 Fed. Circ. Says Court Wrongly Tossed $7.5M IP Verdict 
 A Federal Circuit panel on Friday said a lower court wrongly threw out a $7.5 
 million jury verdict against Novozymes NS in a patent case over technology 
 that helps with ethanol processing, deciding the district court erred when it 
 found the patents were anticipated by an earlier invention. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 Fed. Circ. Backs ITC In Roomba Co.'s Claim Construction Row 
 A split Federal Circuit panel on Friday sided with the U.S. International Trade 
 Commission's finding that one of Roomba maker iRobot's patents had not 
 been infringed, delivering a setback to the robot vacuum company months 
 after it clinched an import ban against several of its rivals for ripping off 
 another of its cleaning patents. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 Full Fed. Circ. Won't Eye Reviving $19M Samsung IP Verdict 
 The Federal Circuit won't reconsider its decision to throw out a $19.2 million 
 patent infringement verdict against Samsung, despite arguments from a 
 nonpracticing entity that the panel wrongly substituted its own judgment for 
 the jury's. 
 Order attached i Read full article » 
 Fed. Circ. Affirms PTAB Ax Of Hologic Medical Device Patent 
 The Federal Circuit on Friday ruled a Hologic patent related to a treatment for 
 abnormal menstrual bleeding was invalid because it would have been 
 obvious, upholding a decision from the Patent Trial and Appeal Board. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 Fed. Circ. Affirms ITC Ax Of Car Toll Patent Claims 
 The Federal Circuit on Friday invalidated parts of two patents covering 
 technology used in electronic toll systems, upholding the U.S. International 
 Trade Commission's decision in an infringement case Neology Inc. brought 
 against rival companies. 
 Dechert 
 Divine & Estes 
 Dressman Benzinger 
 Duane Morris 
 Earthjustice 
 Edelson PC 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 Evans & Dixon 
 Faegre Baker 
 Fenwick & West 
 Fisch Sigler 
 Fisher Phillips 
 Fletcher Heald 
 Freeborn & Peters 
 Freshfields Bruckhaus 
 Fried Frank 
 Frost Brown Todd 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Goodwin 
 Grant & Eisenhofer 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Hart McLaughlin 
 Hirschfeld Kraemer 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Holland & Knight 
 Horn Aylward 
 Hunter Smith 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth 
 Jackson Murdo 
 Jones Day 
 Keefer Wood 
 King & Spalding 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Kobre & Kim 
 Kutak Rock 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Law Offices of Stephan C. Volker 
 Leonard Carder 
 Lewis Brisbois 
 Littler Mendelson 
 Logan Logan & Watson 
 Lucas Magazine 
 Manatt Phelps 
 Markowitz & Richman 
 Mayer Brown 
 Morgan Brown & Joy 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Morrison & Foerster 
 Munger Tolles 
 Nabors Giblin 
 Norris & Keplinger 
 EFTA00032401
Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 Fed. Circ. Won't Revive Server Patent Axed By PTAB 
 The Federal Circuit on Friday upheld the Patent Trial and Appeal Board's 
 decision to invalidate claims from a Rosetta-Wireless Corp. network server 
 patent challenged by Apple and Samsung, and agreed that the data solutions 
 company can't amend its patent. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article 0 
 SECOND CIRCUIT 
 2nd Circ. Kills $5M Deal Award Against Brazilian Reinsurer 
 The Second Circuit has declined to enforce a $5 million settlement award 
 against reinsurer IRB Brasil Resseguros SA, finding that it was not a party to 
 the agreement between insurer National Indemnity Co. and steelmaker 
 Companhia Siderurgica Nacional. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 2nd Circ. Won't Revive Ex-Mt. Sinai Worker's Race Bias Suit 
 The Second Circuit on Friday refused to revive a fired worker's race bias suit 
 against Mount Sinai Health System, saying she'd made a "glaringly 
 disproportionate" number of errors while on the job. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 Madoff Trustee Fights Bid To Pause Foreign Clawback Ruling 
 The trustee for Bernie Madoffs fraudulent investment firm has asked the 
 Second Circuit not to stay its decision that he can claw back billions in Ponzi 
 scheme proceeds transferred between foreign parties, saying defendants' 
 planned U.S. Supreme Court appeal is unlikely to succeed. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 THIRD CIRCUIT 
 3rd Circ. Says Immigration Board's Examination Fell Short 
 The Third Circuit Friday revived a bid from an Indonesian national to avoid 
 deportation, finding that the Board of Immigration Appeals failed to mention 
 many pieces of compelling evidence he presented and that some of those it 
 did mention contradicted its findings. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article )> 
 Comcast Keeps Installer Antitrust Suit Win At 3rd Circ. 
 The Third Circuit affirmed a defeat for two Pennsylvania cable installers that 
 accused Comcast of anti-competitive tactics that drove them out of business, 
 reasoning Friday that the telecommunications giant wasn't their only potential 
 business in the region. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 NJ Urges 3rd Circ. To Stop PennEast Pipeline Condemnations 
 New Jersey on Thursday urged the Third Circuit to overturn a lower court's 
 decision allowing the PennEast Pipeline Co. to file condemnation lawsuits 
 against the state for land the company wants for a $1 billion natural gas 
 pipeline project. 
 Brief attached ! Read full article 0 
 FOURTH CIRCUIT 
 4th Circ. Trims Sanctions In Fired CarMax Worker's Arbitration 
 Norton Rose Fulbright 
 Oliver Price & Rhodes 
 Orrick Herrington 
 Panza Maurer & Maynard 
 Paul Hastings 
 Paul Weiss 
 Pepper Hamilton 
 Perkins Coie 
 Petti & Briones 
 Pierce Bainbridge 
 Priddy Cutler 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Rathbun Cservenyak 
 Robbins Russell 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Sheppard Mullin 
 Shook Hardy 
 Sidley Austin 
 Simpson Logback 
 Sive Paget 
 Skadden 
 Smith Law Services 
 Tran Law Firm 
 Tucker Law Group 
 Venable LLP 
 Vorys Sater 
 Weil Gotshal 
 White & Case 
 Wilk Auslander 
 WilmerHale 
 Wilson Sonsini 
 Windels Marx 
 Wolf Haldenstein 
 Wollmuth Maher 
 Wright Close 
 Wyatt Tarrant 
 Young Conaway 
 Zebersky Payne 
 COMPANIES 
 Amazon.com Inc. 
 American Bar Association 
 American Civil Liberties Union 
 American Museum of Natural 
 History 
 Apple Inc. 
 Association of Corporate Counsel 
 BB&T Corp. 
 BNP Paribas 
 CVC Capital Partners 
 CalAtlantic Group Inc. 
 EFTA00032402
A former CarMax employee who claims he was unfairly fired deserved some 
 sanctions from a district court for arguing aspects of his arbitration award 
 appeal that were already rejected, but he also raised a fresh argument that 
 didn't warrant a penalty, the Fourth Circuit ruled. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 FIFTH CIRCUIT 
 Anti -Straight Bias Not Forbidden By Title VII: 5th Circ. 
 A Fifth Circuit panel said Friday that federal workplace discrimination law 
 does not block employers from firing straight workers because of their 
 sexuality, refusing to budge from its stance that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act 
 does not cover sexual orientation. 
 Decision attached I Read full article » 
 5th Circ. Says Interstate Travel Axes Oil Workers' OT Suit 
 The Fifth Circuit has affirmed a federal judge's decision absolving Welltec 
 Inc. from oil field workers' wage and hour claims, saying federal overtime pay 
 requirements don't apply because the workers regularly drove across state 
 lines. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 Old Ruling Shouldn't Direct Texas Tribal Gaming, 5th Circ. Told 
 The Ysleta del Sur Pueblo argued Thursday that the Fifth Circuit shouldn't 
 have relied on an error-filled 1994 ruling against it to decide that 
 the Alabama-Coushatta Tribe of Texas can't offer bingo under state law, 
 joining the chorus of voices urging the full court to take another look. 
 3 documents attached I Read full article » 
 SIXTH CIRCUIT 
 NCAA Referee Passes Death Threats Suit To 6th Circ. 
 An NCAA men's basketball referee on Friday turned to the Sixth Circuit after 
 his suit accusing two Kentucky radio hosts of inciting death threats and 
 negative reviews of his business was dismissed under First Amendment 
 protections. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 SEVENTH CIRCUIT 
 $2.8M Housing Fund Row Belongs In New Suit, 7th Circ. Says 
 The Seventh Circuit said an Illinois city and a housing company must start 
 from scratch in a fight over $2.8 million in reserve funds held by the U.S. 
 Department of Housing and Urban Development. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 Uphold Arbitration Order In Biometric Case, Southwest Urges 
 Southwest Airlines employees who are accusing the company of unlawfully 
 collecting their biometric data are trying and failing to sidestep the federal 
 arbitration requirements preempting their suit, the airline told the Seventh 
 Circuit on Thursday. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 NINTH CIRCUIT 
 Enviros Say Trump Must Live With Keystone Rejection 
 Two environmental groups have told the Ninth Circuit that the federal 
 government is wrongly attempting to dodge a ruling invalidating its permit for 
 California Rural Legal Assistance 
 Foundation Inc. 
 CarMax Business Services LLC 
 Citigroup Inc. 
 Comcast Corp. 
 Companhia Siderurgica Nacional 
 Edgeworth Economics LLC 
 Electronic Frontier Foundation 
 Essendant Inc. 
 Exxon Mobil Corp. 
 Facebook 
 Florida Power & Light Co. 
 Food Marketing Institute 
 GVC Holdings PLC 
 Geico 
 General Re Corp. 
 Google Inc. 
 HSBC Holdings PLC 
 Hologic Inc. 
 Intel Corp. 
 International Brotherhood of 
 Teamsters 
 International Speedway 
 Corporation 
 JAMS Inc. 
 JEA 
 Johnson & Johnson 
 Kapsch TrafficCom AG 
 Kentucky Bar Association 
 Lowe's Companies Inc. 
 MGM Resorts International 
 MetLife Inc. 
 Minerva Surgical Inc. 
 National Collegiate Athletic 
 Association 
 National Congress of American 
 Indians 
 National Hispanic Medical 
 Association 
 National Indemnity Co. 
 Natural Resources Defense 
 Council 
 NeoPollard Interactive LLC 
 New York Immigration Coalition 
 New York University 
 Novozymes 
 Orlando Utilities Commission 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers 
 Purdue Pharma LP 
 QUALCOMM Inc. 
 Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. 
 Southwest Airlines Co. 
 EFTA00032403
the Keystone XL pipeline just because President Donald Trump signed a new 
 permit last month. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 Wells Fargo Battles Cert. In Reimbursement Fight At 9th Circ. 
 Wells Fargo urged the Ninth Circuit on Friday to reverse a lower court's 
 decision to certify a class of 2,000 home mortgage consultants and bankers 
 who claim the bank didn't reimburse their expenses or pay commissions on 
 time, arguing that the expenses were optional and commissions can't be 
 determined classwide. 
 Read full article » 
 9th Circ. Gives EPA 90 Days To Respond In Pesticide Case 
 The Ninth Circuit on Friday gave the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
 90 days to respond to objections filed by health and environmental groups 
 over the agency's decision not to ban the pesticide chlorpyrifos. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 ELEVENTH CIRCUIT 
 11th Circ. Tosses Underpayment Class Action Against Geico 
 The Eleventh Circuit on Friday threw out a class action accusing Geico of 
 under -reimbursing health care providers for their services, holding that the 
 lead plaintiff lacked standing to bring the suit in the first place. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 NEW YORK 
 NY Panel Greenlights Museum Of Natural History Expansion 
 A New York state appeals court on Thursday greenlighted the American 
 Museum of Natural History's planned expansion into Theodore Roosevelt 
 Park, finding that the museum has had a right to the disputed land since 
 1877. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 FLORIDA 
 Home Builder Gets Atty Fees In Property Maintenance Suit 
 Home builder CalAtlantic can recover attorney fees after residents at a 
 Florida development dropped a lawsuit against it over property maintenance, 
 with a state appeals court finding Friday that the suit fell within fees 
 provisions in a declaration governing the community. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article 
 Fla. Energy Choice Ballot Initiative Attacked From All Corners 
 A slew of major Florida interests that are rarely in harmony have lambasted a 
 ballot initiative that purports to create a right to a competitive energy market 
 but that opponents say will upend the energy market in the Sunshine State 
 8 documents attached I Read full article » 
 Carlton Fields Nabs Fla. Appellate Pro From Akerman 
 Carlton Fields has brought aboard a Florida appellate and trial litigator and 
 former St. Petersburg Times journalist as of counsel in its Miami and Tampa 
 offices, the firm announced Thursday. 
 Read full article » 
 KANSAS 
 Staples Inc. 
 State Farm 
 Taylor Bean & Whitaker Mortgage 
 Corp. 
 The Nature Conservancy 
 The Wait Disney Co. 
 TransCanada Corporation 
 Twitter Inc. 
 Uber Technologies Inc. 
 UniCredit 
 United Farm Workers 
 United Parcel Service Inc. 
 United Technologies Corp. 
 Verizon Communications Inc. 
 Wal-Mart Stores Inc. 
 Wells Fargo & Co. 
 Yale University 
 Yelp Inc. 
 YouTube Inc. 
 iRobot Corporation 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Alabama -Coushatta Tribe of Texas 
 Chicago Department of Aviation 
 Delaware Court of Chancery 
 Department of Commerce 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 Commission 
 European Commission 
 European Union 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Federal Communications 
 Commission 
 Federal Energy Regulatory 
 Commission 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Florida State Senate 
 Florida Supreme Court 
 International Trade Commission 
 Montana Department of Revenue 
 National Indian Gaming 
 Commission 
 National Labor Relations Board 
 Native Village of Noatak 
 New Jersey Department of 
 Environmental Protection 
 Office of Federal Contract 
 Compliance Programs 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 Texas Workforce Commission 
 U S Census Bureau 
 U.S. Department of Agriculture 
 EFTA00032404
Med Mal Suit Filed 1 Day Late Nixed By Kan. Supreme Court 
 The Kansas Supreme Court on Friday affirmed the dismissal of a suit 
 accusing health care providers of negligently causing a patients death, 
 saying the patient's estate failed to present evidence that an electronic filing 
 issue caused the suit to be lodged one day after the statute of limitations 
 expired. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 KENTUCKY 
 Ky. Court Upholds Atty Firing For Refusing Non-Solicit Deal 
 Kentucky's highest court has unanimously affirmed a lower court's ruling that 
 a law firm did not wrongfully terminate an attorney after she refused to sign a 
 non -solicitation agreement involving clients, as the deal did not violate state 
 legal ethics rules. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 MICHIGAN 
 Live Nation Not Responsible For Concertgoer's Broken Ankle 
 Promoter Live Nation and Michigan International Speedway are off the hook 
 from a lawsuit brought by a concertgoer who fell and broke her ankle in 
 nearby woods while leaving a music festival, a Michigan appeals court held 
 Thursday. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article
 MONTANA 
 Exxon Tells Mont. Justices Dividend Deduction Cap Improper 
 The Montana Department of Revenue ignored its own guidance when the 
 agency didn't permit Exxon Mobil Corp. to fully deduct dividend payments 
 from subsidiaries that hold most of their business assets internationally, the 
 oil giant told the state Supreme Court. 
 Brief attached I Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 In Virtual Teams For Mass Torts, The 'Law Team' Is Critical 
 A critical component of any virtual law team assembled for mass tort litigation 
 is a dedicated "law team," which tackles the legal strategy and drafts the 
 many necessary pleadings, motions and other submissions, say attorneys at 
 Pepper Hamilton and Faegre. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Analysis 
 BigLaw Forced Arbitration Expected To Survive Amid #MeToo 
 Even though social media pressure spurred on by Harvard law students has 
 led several BigLaw firms to change course on mandatory arbitration, experts 
 say arbitration has gotten a bad rap and so-called coercive contracts, in 
 some form, will ultimately survive the #MeToo movement. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 Looking To Go Green? Here's How It Can Work For Your Firm 
 As another Earth Day arrives, environmental consciousness is on the minds 
 of many in the legal industry, and despite a number of challenges, going 
 U.S. Department of Homeland 
 Security 
 U.S. Department of Housing and 
 Urban Development 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of Labor 
 U.S. Department of State 
 U.S. Department of Transportation 
 U.S. Environmental Protection 
 Agency 
 U.S. House of Representatives 
 U.S. Immigration and Customs 
 Enforcement 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 United States Court of Appeals for 
 the Third Circuit 
 Wisconsin Supreme Court 
 Ysleta del Sur Pueblo 
 EFTA00032405
green is not only a possibility but an opportunity as well. 
 Read full article » 
 In Civil Rights Arena, Practice Groups A Rare But Potent Force 
 Although a rarity among firms, dedicated practice groups focused on civil 
 rights cases can have a big impact, proponents say, taking cases solo 
 attorneys and government regulators can't. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 5 Times Lawyers Settled During The Big Show 
 Apple and Qualcomm grabbed headlines when they decided to settle their 
 differences before a San Diego federal jury could decide their multibillion-
 dollar antitrust dispute. But they aren't the first high-profile litigants to think 
 twice about having a jury decide their fate once they got to court. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 Gibson Dunn Ups The Ante On Gambling After High Court Win 
 Gibson Dunn, the law firm that led the fight to overturn a federal ban on 
 sports betting, has launched a revamped practice group focused on sports 
 betting and gambling, positioning itself to take advantage of the rapidly 
 expanding, newly legal market. 
 Read full article » 
 Baker Donelson's Growth Recognized Its Roots, Ex-Chief Says 
 During Ben Adams' 16 years at the helm of Baker Donelson, the firm doubled 
 its offices and attorneys, carrying out a growth strategy that the departing 
 chairman told Law360 bet on the firm's roots to prepare for its future. 
 Read full article » 
 Q&A 
 Q&A With 'Queen Of Torts' Sheila Birnbaum 
 Dechert LLP's Sheila Birnbaum, known as the "Queen of Torts," recently 
 discussed with Law360 the changes in product liability laws she has seen 
 over her long career, her proudest achievement as a lawyer and the 
 challenges of representing Purdue Pharma in the multidistrict litigation over 
 the opioid crisis. 
 Read full article » 
 More Women Taking Reins Among Tech Giants' Legal Chiefs 
 Women are increasingly heading up the legal departments of the largest 
 companies in California's Silicon Valley as well as the corporations on the 
 S&P 100, though men continue to hold the bulk of those positions, a biannual 
 report by Fenwick & West LLP reveals. 
 Read full article » 
 Most 2016 Law Grads Who Took The Bar Passed, ABA Says 
 About 88.6% of 2016 law school graduates who took the bar exam within two 
 years of completing school passed the test, the American Bar Association 
 said Friday, noting that the class of 2016's two-year success rate is about the 
 same as that of 2015 graduates. 
 Read full article » 
 GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week 
 Google has been accused in a derivative suit of hiding workplace 
 harassment, a Duane Morris partner said law firms are dropping the ball in 
 addressing misconduct and employers are seeking to fortify Trump 
 administration regulations against court attacks. These are some of the 
 stories in legal news you may have missed in the past week. 
 Read full article » 
 EFTA00032406
In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360 
 For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, stories and 
 expert analyses that generated the most buzz on Law360 last week. 
 Read full article » 
 Podcast 
 Law360's Pro Say: Mueller Madness 
 After more than two years of speculation, Special Counsel Robert Mueller's 
 report about Russian interference with the 2016 election has been released 
 and there are plenty of legal revelations to unpack. So we'll do just that on 
 this week's Pro Say podcast. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Patent Attorney/Patent Agent 
 Troutman Sanders LLP 
 New York. New York 
 Real Estate Associate 
 Duane Morris 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 Senior Litigation Associate 
 Duane Morris 
 Cherry Hill. New Jersey 
 Intellectual Property Docket Clerk 
 Carter, DeLuca, & Farrell, LLP 
 Melville. New York 
 Legal Secretary 
 Carlson, Calladine & Peterson LLP 
 San Francisco. California 
 Patent Attorney 
 Dority & Manning. P.A. 
 Greenville, South Carolina 
 Intellectual Property Litigation and Unfair 
 Competition Associate 
 Company Confidential 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 Patent Attorney (Electrical 
 Engineer/Computer Science) 
 Volpe and Koenig, P.C. 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 Biotech Patent Agent or Attorney 
 Dentons US LLP 
 Dallas, Texas 
 Capital Markets Staff Attorney 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth 
 Richmond, Virginia 
 Personal Injury & Property Damage 
 Associate 
 Hinshaw and Culbertson 
 Ft Lauderdale. Florida 
 Labor & Employment Associate - (1+ yrs 
 Exp.) 
 Jones Day 
 San Diego. California 
 Business Associate Attorney • Junior to 
 Mid -Level 
 Perkins Coie LLP 
 Portland. Oregon 
 Patent Litigation Associate Attorney • 
 Junior 
 Perkins Coie 
 Phoenix, Arizona 
 Chemistry Patent Attorney/Agent 
 Klarquist Sparkman. LLP 
 Portland. Oregon 
 Junior Associate (1.3 Years) Intellectual 
 Property -Engineering 
 Leydig. Voit & Mayer 
 Multiple Locations (Chicago, Boulder. Bay 
 Area. D.C.), -
 Advertising, Privacy Associate 
 Kelley Drye & Warren LLP 
 Washington, District of Columbia 
 Technical Specialist / Scientific Advisor 
 Axinn 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 Associate General Counsel Commercial 
 Astellas 
 Northbrook. Illinois 
 Banktcy Boutique Counsel/Partner 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC. New York 
 Not sun: if your firth subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 EFTA00032407
We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive future emails of this soal 
 you may unsubsctibe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support int:pities, please call +I-646451.7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360I Ponfolio Media Inc, Ill West 19th Street, dth Floor. New Vont, NY 10011 
 EFTA00032408
From: (USANYS)"  
 To: (USANYS)" <1 
 Subject: RE: Epstein 
 Date: Wed, 05 Dec 2018 17:46:21 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 I came by — let me know when you're around. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Wednesday, December 05, 2018 10:14 AM 
 To: 
 Subject: Epstein 
 (USANYS) < 
 Swing by when you have a sec 
 Associate U.S. Attorney 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 One St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032409
From: White Collar Law360 <news-altglaw360.com> 
 To:
 Subject: Ex-FDIC Staffer Found Guilty Of Stealing Banks Living Wills 
 Date: Wed, 12 Dec 2018 08:22:13 +0000 
 ;:Law360 White 
 Collar 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Wednesday, December 12, 2018 Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Ex -FDIC Staffer Found Guilty Of Stealing Banks' Living Wills 
 A former senior employee at the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. was 
 convicted by a Brooklyn federal jury on Tuesday of stealing banks' 
 confidential regulatory filings known as "living wills" that the government 
 claims she copied so she could prepare for job interviews. Read full article » 
 Ex-SUNY Prez Gets 3.5 Years For 'Buffalo Billion' Bid-Rigging 
 Manhattan U.S. District Judge Valerie E. Caproni hit former State University 
 of New York Polytechnic Institute President Alain Kaloyeros with three and a 
 half years in prison Tuesday for rigging bids, but allowed the nuclear scientist 
 credited with a revitalization of the upstate school to stay free while he 
 appeals. Read full article » 
 Ex -Bloomberg, Turner Execs Charged In $15M Bribery Case 
 Former Bloomberg LP and Turner Construction executives helped steal $15 
 million from the media giant by rigging bids and handling bribes —
 sometimes code-named "sandwiches" — linked to interior construction work 
 at two Bloomberg offices, Manhattan's district attorney alleged Tuesday. 
 Read full article » 
 Ex -Deutsche Traders Fight Convictions, Cite Gov't Misconduct 
 Two former traders at Deutsche Bank on Monday urged Manhattan's chief 
 federal judge to reverse their convictions for rigging the London Interbank 
 Offered Rate and dismiss the charges against them, arguing that prosecutors 
 lied and hid evidence throughout the case. Read full article » 
 Hearing Set To Determine If Manafort Lied 
 A D.C. federal judge Tuesday tentatively scheduled a hearing for Jan. 25 to 
 determine whether Paul Manafort violated his plea agreement by lying to 
 special prosecutor Robert Mueller. Read full article )> 
 MVP: Quinn Emanuel's William A. Burck 
 William A. Burck of Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan LLP found himself in 
 the eye of the hurricane surrounding the production of documents in the 
 contentious confirmation of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh this 
 year, making him one of Law360's 2018 White Collar MVPs. Read full article 
 SECURITIES 
 Minn. Biz Co-Founder Gets 12 Years For $30M Stock Fraud 
 ;',,Law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Best & Flanagan 
 Bredhoff & Kaiser 
 Coots Henke 
 Crowell & Moring 
 Davis Wright Tremaine 
 Duane Morris 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 Harder LLP 
 Jenner & Block 
 Levine Lee 
 McGuireWoods 
 Munger Tolles 
 Paul Hastings 
 Paul Weiss 
 Peckar & Abramson 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Steptoe & Johnson LLP 
 COMPANIES 
 A.P. Moller-Maersk 
 Aeroflex Holding Corp. 
 American Bar Association 
 EFTA00032410
From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com> 
 To: Nathan NYSD Chambers 
 Cc: 
 , "Christian Everdell" 
 <CEverdell@CohenGresser.com>, Laura Menninger Imenninger®Innflaw.com>, Jeff 
 Pagliuca <jpagliuca@lunflaw.com> 
 Subject: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell 20 Cr. 330 (MN) submission under seal 
 Date: Tue, 16 Mar 2021 22:33:47 +0000 
 Attachments: Maxwell_Cover_Letter_3-16-21.pdf; ATT00001.htm 
 Good evening-
 As set forth in the attached cover letter (to be filed via ECF) 
 and pursuant to Rule 2(8) of the Court's individual rules, 
 attached for the Court and government is an unredacted version 
 of the Reply Memorandum In Support of Ms. Maxwell's pending bail application. 
 Thank you. 
 Best-
 Bobbi 
 EFTA00031916
New York, NY 10007 
 mailto 
 EFTA00031961
A Minnesota federal judge sentenced a company co-founder to 12 years in 
 prison Tuesday for his role in a $30 million stock manipulation scheme 
 involving everything from a defunct tanning salon and his personal polo 
 coach to his and his business partner's fathers posing as the company's 
 board. Read full article » 
 Fraudster's Ex-Wife Must Share Emails In Atty Tryst Case 
 An Indiana court has ruled that the ex-wife of a convicted hedge fund 
 manager, who claims that she and his defense attorney were having an affair 
 while the attorney was representing him, must turn over all communications 
 she had with the attorney from the time he began representing her ex-
 husband until the time the two got married. Read full article » 
 PUBLIC INTEGRITY 
 House Azerbaijan Trip Organizer Pleads Guilty In Ethics Probe 
 An investigation into funding for a 2013 U.S. House of Representatives junket 
 to Azerbaijan has ended with a guilty plea in D.C. federal court that will result 
 in six to 12 months in prison for the trip organizer, a former president of a 
 nonprofit formed to promote understanding between the U.S. and Turkish 
 peoples. Read full article » 
 SANCTIONS 
 Huawei Exec Granted Bail By Canadian Judge 
 A Canadian judge granted bail on Tuesday to a top Huawei Technologies Co. 
 executive facing extradition to the United States, the telecommunications 
 giant announced. Read full article » 
 LEGAL ETHICS 
 Cape -Wearing Chicago Atty Offers No Excuse For Client Theft 
 A former Chicago personal injury lawyer known for dressing up in a cape and 
 mask for a superhero persona known as "ExcuseMan" pled guilty Monday in 
 a Chicago court to stealing his clients' settlements. Read full article » 
 HEALTH 
 Pa. Health Network To Pay $12.5M For Alleged Overbilling 
 Federal prosecutors in Pennsylvania announced on Tuesday that they'd 
 inked a $12.5 million settlement with a Lehigh Valley health care network and 
 its CEO over alleged false Medicare and Medicaid claims for orthopedic 
 surgeries. Read full article » 
 IMMIGRATION 
 NC Atty Charged With Aiding Client's Immigration Fraud 
 A North Carolina immigration attorney has been accused of helping an 
 unauthorized immigrant use a U.S. citizen's identity to apply for Deferred 
 Action for Childhood Arrivals status, the U.S. Department of Justice 
 announced Monday. Read full article » 
 Media Errors Hurt Political Chances, Ex-Sheriff Arpaio Says 
 Former Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio hit CNN, HuffPost, Rolling Stone and 
 several reporters with a $300.5 million defamation lawsuit in D.C. federal 
 court Monday, claiming that misreporting related to his since-pardoned 
 misdemeanor conviction for criminal contempt has hurt his reputation and 
 political chances. Read full article » 
 GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS 
 BPM LLP 
 Bloomberg 
 Cable News Network Inc. 
 Consumer Watchdog 
 Deutsche Bank AG 
 Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 
 Huawei Technologies 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 Judicial Watch Inc. 
 LM Ericsson Telephone Company 
 LPCiminelli Inc. 
 Microsoft Corporation 
 New York Times Co. 
 Northern Trust Corporation 
 Penske Media Corp. 
 Robert Half International Inc. 
 Sanderson Farms, Inc. 
 The Bank of New York Mellon 
 Corp. 
 The New York City School 
 Construction Authority 
 The State University of New York 
 Twitter Inc. 
 U.S. Legal Support Inc. 
 Washington Post Co. 
 YouTube Inc. 
 ZTE Corp. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 European Union 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. 
 Federal Reserve System 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Financial Conduct Authority 
 Internal Revenue Service 
 New Jersey Attorney General's 
 Office 
 New York State Police 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Department of Defense 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of the Treasury 
 U.S. House of Representatives 
 U.S. Senate 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 United Nations 
 EFTA00032411
Contractor Admits Role In Sending Unqualified Guards To IRS 
 A manager for a company that provided armed guards to the IRS has pled 
 guilty to conspiracy to defraud the government in a scheme involving the 
 falsification of firearm shooting scores, prosecutors said Monday. Read full 
 article » 
 TAX 
 Accountant Seeks No Prison Time For $18M Tax Return Fraud 
 An accountant found guilty of helping a venture capitalist siphon $18 million 
 from a fund through false tax returns has told a California federal court he 
 should serve no time behind bars despite prosecutors' request for a 
 "significant" prison sentence. Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 A Review Of US Economic Sanctions In 2018 
 In 2018, the U.S. government strengthened sanctions targeting Iran, Russia 
 and Venezuela, sanctioned an agency of the Chinese government and 
 completed the second largest sanctions-related enforcement action on 
 record. And the evidence suggests 2019 will be equally tumultuous, say 
 attorneys with Ropes & Gray LLP. Read full article » 
 Opening Comments: A Key Strategic Decision In Mediation 
 Opening comments by parties in mediation that are made with the proper 
 content and tone can diffuse pent-up emotion and pave the way for a 
 successful resolution. But an opening presentation can do more harm than 
 good if delivered the wrong way, say Jann Johnson and William Haddad of 
 ADR Systems LLC. Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 US Legal Industry Saw Best Growth In Nearly 10 Years 
 This year has been the U.S. legal industry's best for growth in nearly 10 
 years, with firms at the large and small ends of the scale reaping the vast 
 share of the rewards, according to a report released Tuesday. Read full 
 article » 
 Legal Hiring Poised For Boom In 2019 
 Nearly half of U.S. lawyers in charge of hiring say their law firm or corporate 
 legal department is poised to expand in the next six months, with the majority 
 predicting that litigation will be the biggest driver of that growth, according to 
 the results of a survey released Tuesday. Read full article » 
 Microsoft Singles Out Davis Wright For Diversity Efforts 
 Microsoft Corp. on Tuesday recognized Davis Wright Tremaine LLP as the 
 top -performing law firm participating in its diversity program, as the 
 technology company celebrates the 10th anniversary of its effort to address 
 diversity issues in the legal industry. Read full article » 
 Senate OKs Trump's 8th Circ. Pick Despite Flake Opposition 
 The U.S. Senate relied on Vice President Mike Pence for the first time to 
 confirm one of President Donald Trump's appeals court judges, as he cast 
 the tie-breaking vote for Eighth Circuit nominee Jonathan Kobes over the 
 objections of Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. Read full article » 
 California's Harris To Keep Senate Judiciary Seat 
 California is set to have both of its senators on the Senate Judiciary 
 Committee next year, as a leadership deal allowed potential presidential 
 candidate Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., to keep her spot on the panel. Read 
 full article » 
 EFTA00032412
Court Reporting Co. Must Follow Calif. Regs 
 A California state appeals court refused Friday to revive a court reporter's 
 unfair competition suit against major court-reporting firm U.S. Legal Support 
 Inc., but held that a lower court incorrectly absolved the company of the 
 obligation to comply with California regulations for licensed professionals. 
 Read full article » 
 Stormy Daniels Owes Trump Attys $300K In Fees, Sanctions 
 Stormy Daniels must pay President Donald Trump's attorneys approximately 
 $300,000 in fees, costs and sanctions, which was less than half of what they 
 originally sought, a California federal judge ordered Tuesday following the 
 dismissal of the adult film star's defamation suit against the president. Read 
 full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Associate - Business Litigation 
 (Wilmington, DE) 
 McCarter & English 
 Wilmington, Delaware 
 ASSOCIATE - CORPORATE (BOSTON, MA 
 OFFICE) 
 McCarter & English. LLP 
 Boston. Massachusetts 
 Labor & Employment Associate 
 Nixon Peabody LLP 
 Jericho, New York 
 Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort 
 you may unsubsctibe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call + I-646-781.7 IOC/or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360 I Portfolio Media Inc. Ill West 19th Street. Sth Floor. New York. NY I0DI I 
 EFTA00032413
From: NYS Academy of Trial Lawyers <noreply@m.nysa.membercentral.org> 
 To: 
 Subject: Announcing the Academy's Upcoming Webinars 
 Date: Fri, 28 May 2021 16:14:29 +0000 
 a 
 Harnessing Neuroscience and Technology: Sex Discrimination & Sex Abuse 
 Atr--
 Culture Changing Conversations 
 for Law Firms 
 June 15th (1-2 PM) 
 Join our experts from the mental health and legal 
 fields as they discuss practical ways to recognize 
 and eliminate implicit bias from your workplace. 
 Topics will include: the benefits of having 
 diverse staff, how to attract and retain employees 
 from diverse backgrounds, engaging in workplace 
 conversations about implicit bias and much more. 
 Presented By: 
 Andrea Bonina, Esq. 
 Dr. Fritz Galette 
 Richard Gutierrez, Esq. 
 Angelicque Moreno, Esq. 
 Lisa Schreibersdorf, Esq. 
 Anthony Vaughn. Esq. 
 I Diversity, Inclusion 
 and Elimination of Bias Credit 
 FREE for Members & Non-Members 
 TO REGISTER, PLEASE CLICK HERE 
 presentigg Powerfully in Thal and Mediation in the Workplace School and Sports 
 June 22nd (1-2 PM) 
 Learn how to combine neuroscience principles with 
 technology to make you more persuasive and put 
 them into practice with apps like Keynote, 
 PowerPoint, and TrialPad. 
 Presented By: 
 Justin Kahn, Esq, 
 1.5 Skills Credits 
 FREE for Members & Non-Members 
 TO REGISTER PI EASE CLICK HERE 
 June 23rd (1-2 PMJ 
 This course will focus on Federal Civil Rights Acts 
 Titles VII and IX and provide you with the 
 knowledge of the State and City laws and codes 
 involved with these sexual discrimination and abuse 
 cases. In addition, you will learn how to evaluate 
 these claims from a liability and damages 
 perspective and how to best approach mediation and 
 negotiation. 
 Presented By: 
 Hon. Joseph J. Maltese (Rd.) 
 Rhonda Epstein, Esq. 
 I Professional Practice Credit 
 FREE for Members & Non-Members 
 TO REGISTER, PLEASE CLICK HERE 
 'Suitable for Experienced and Newly Admitted Attorneys 
 We maintain a financial hardship policy, call 518-3644044 for more information 
 The Academy is here to support you and your practice as we struggle to adapt during these uncertain times. 
 For up-to-date court announcements concerning rules and procedures changes in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. CLICK HERE. 
 For legal practice resources on working remotely and maintaining a virtual office, CLICK HERE. 
 For updates regarding state and federal assistance programs and legislation CLICK HERE. 
 And Register Now for—
 "New Marijuana Law of 2021: The Intended and Unintended Consequences" (June 1st, 1-2 PM) 
 "How to Successfully Litigate a Personal Injun' Case Series - Part 6: The Trial" (June 2nd, 1-2 PM) 
 "The New Power of Attorney Form In-Depth" (June 11th, 1-2 PM) 
 "How to Successfully Litigate a Personal Injun' Case Series - Pad 7: It's a Wrap!" (July 7th, 1-2 PM) 
 "How We Make Decisions - The Impact of Heuristics, Beliefs, and Biases" (July 27th. 1-2 PM) 
 "Matta*  MedMal Mediations" (July 28th, 1-2 PM) 
 "2011 and Beyond• 10 Ways Your Practice Will Change in the Next 10 Years" (August 3rd, 1-2:30 PM) 
 "l a bor Law Practice• Constructing  the Perfect hinting" (August 12th, 1-2 PM) 
 NYS Academy of Trial Lawyers • 100 Great Oaks Blvd, Suite 123 • Albany, NY 12203 
 www.trialacaden g • info@trialacademy.org 
 Phone: 518-364-4044 
 Fax: 518-514-1184 
 Click here to unsubscribe or update subscription preferences. 
 EFTA00032414
For additional assistance, contact the Trial Academy via email. 
 EFTA00032415
From: ' 
 To: ' (USANYS)" <1 
 )"4 
 Subject: RE: civilian contacts 
 Date: Mon, 30 Sep 2019 17:41:04 +0000 
 Embedded: Ghislane MAXWELL.msg 
 Same person as the previous emails. 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, September 13, 2019 14:45 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: civilian contacts 
 Hey same person as before, just sending along per usual. 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, August 22, 2019 09:29 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: civilian contacts 
 Hey same individual, attached, just FYI. 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, August 12, 2019 14:37 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Subject: civilian contacts 
 Eric, 
 I received the two attached emails from an individual—I don't know who she is, she appears to be referencing the Epstein 
 case but she's not a victim or witness. Wanted to let you know. 
 thanks, 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032416
From: Laura Woods <laurawoods579®gmail.com> 
 To: 'SI
 Subject: Ghislane MAXWELL 
 Date: Fri, 27 Sep 2019 11:49:59 +0000 
 Ghislane looks very much like Melania Trump. 
 Respectfully submitted, 
 Laura Isabel Woods 
 EFTA00032417
From: (USANYS)" < 
 To:' " " 
 Subject: FW / Epstein 
 Date: Wed, 02 Oct 2019 01:18:44 +0000 
 Attachments: TD_Filed_SAR 2019-43693.do.pdf 
 Take a look and let's discuss briefly before you get back to him. 
 From: Bourtin, Nicolas <bourtinn@sullcrom.com> 
 Sent: Tuesday, October 1, 2019 7:19 PM 
 To: (USANYS)
 Cc: Levin, Sharon Cohen 
 Subject: Epstein 
 As I mentioned last night, attached is a SAR thatfiled today in connection with persons associated with Jeffrey 
 Epstein. The bank would like to close all of the accounts of the entities named in the SAR as soon as possible. (The 
 current balance on those accounts is approximately $30 million.) Before doing so, the bank wanted to make your office 
 aware of these accounts in case the government intends to take any action. 
 Please advise once you've had a chance to consider. 
 Many thanks. 
 Nic 
 Nicolas Bourtin I Sullivan & Cromwell UP 
 I New York, NY 100044498 
 This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not 
 the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately. 
 EFTA00032418
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: Arlan Ettinger 
 Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2019 22:23:11 +0000 
 I think that's fine. We don't yet have possession of any properties, so would be at best premature. 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, October 9, 2019 2:36 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: FW: Arlan Ettinger 
 These guys want to help auction Jeffrey Epstein's property. I assume there's nothing particular going on with 
 Epstein's property that we're involved in. I'm planning to send them a response something on the order of 
 "Thank you for your letter, which has been forwarded to our Office for response. We will file it in the event we 
 have any occasion to follow up on your offer of services." 
 From 
 Sent: Wednesday, October 9, 2019 2:06 PM 
 To 
 Subject: FW: Arlan Ettinger 
 What is the right way to handle this? It seems to be an offer by Guernsey's Auctioneers & Brokers to be retained to handle 
 the disposition of Epstein's property. I was assigned to respond to this. Please advise. 
 Thanks 
 From 
 Sent: Wednesday, October 9, 2019 1:57 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: Arlan Ettinger 
 Good afternoon! 
 I have been advised to forward you the attached correspondence from Arlan Ettinger, President of Guernsey's Auctioneers 
 & Brokers. The letter is regarding the property of the late Jeffrey Epstein. As advised by Nathaniel Gamble II from ODAG 
 (see email attached), this has been assigned to USAO-SDNY for handling. Please let me know if you have any questions or 
 concerns. 
 Thank you very much in advance. 
 Best, 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 EFTA00032419
Executive Office for U.S. Attorneys 
 0 
 Pronouns: she/ her/ hers 
 EFTA00032420
From: 
 " <S> 
 To: 
 la >
 Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell 
 Date: Fri, 04 Dec 2020 21:36:54 +0000 
 Thank you. 
 Ori inal Messa e 
 From:
 Sent: Frida , December 4, 2020 4:35 PM 
 To: aNIMIIW 
 Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell 
 >>> 
 PM 
 In particular, there appears to be a track change that is included in the second page, which we are hoping you 
 could fix before we submit this to Judge Nathan. 
 >>> 
 " <IIMIE> 12/4/2020 3:21 
 We also were hoping to chat about some other issues, but even if that's not possible, we're hoping we can provide 
 the court with a clean copy without the track change. 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 New York NY 10007 
 Original Messa e 
 From:
 Sent: Friday, December 4, 2020 2:20 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell 
 Thank you very much. Would you have time for a quick call to discuss, please? 
 Best, 
 EFTA00031962
From (USANYS)"  
 To: iaY) (OGA) (FBI)" <1 
 Subject: RE: Epstein interview notes 
 Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2019 17:36:13 +0000 
 (USANYS)" 
 Thank you I 
 From (NY) (OGA) 
 Sent: Friday, August 30, 2019 1:03 PM 
 To: 
 c >; 
 Subject: Epstein interview notes 
 USANYS) 
 Attached are all the interview notes. 302s will be prepared during the week. 
 Forwarded message 
 From:1  pAypd.org> 
 Date: ug 30, 2019 12:54 I'M 
 Subject: Scanned from a Xerox Multifunction Device 
 To: NY) (OGA)" < 
 Cc: 
 Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Multifunction Printer. 
 Attachment File Type: pdf, Multi-Page 
 Multifunction Printer Location: 290 Broadway 9th FL; Joint Bank Robbery T/F 
 Device Name: P290BWAY-JEIRTF-MFD 
 Scanned from a Xerox Multifunction Device 
 EFTA00032421
From: 
 To: 
 (NY) (FBI)" la 
 (USANYS USANYS 
 (OIG)" 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Finalized 302 
 Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2019 16:52:12 +0000 
 Attachment- 302.pdf 
 (NY)
 
 (QUA)" 
 MI=IMIN'' 
 II 
 Special Agent 
 FBI New York Field Office 
 Violent Crimes Task Force 
 EFTA00032422
From: ' 
 To: ' 
 Cc: ' 
 Subject: RE: Epstein Case 
 Date: Fri, 06 Sep 2019 18:12:55 +0000 
 Understood, thanks. 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, September 6, 2019 12:58 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein Case 
 Thanks for letting me know. Monday should be ok, but I'm reluctant to let this spill over much later, since we do have the 
 pending request. I'm sure you understand. 
 Office of Chief Medical Examiner 
 New York, NY 10016 
 The information contained in this e-mail communication may be confidential andkir legally privileged and is for the use of the intended 
 recipient only. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended 
 recipient, the dissemination, distribution or reproduction of this communication or its contents (including any attachments) is prohibited. 
 If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or reply e-mail and permanently delete it and 
 any copies from your system files. 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, September 06, 2019 12:56 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: Epstein Case 
 Hi the review is taking a little longer here, so we will get you our redactions on Monday. Please let us know if 
 this poses any issues. Thank you. 
 On Sep 3, 2019, at 4:29 PM, > wrote: 
 Great, I'll give you a call at 2:45 tomorrow. Thanks. 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, September 3, 2019 4:24 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein Case 
 Tomorrow between 2-3 or after about 4:30, or Thursday after 2:30; either is fine with me. 
 Thanks! 
 EFTA00032423
Office of Chief Medical Examiner 
 New York, NY 10016 
 The information contained in this e-mail communication may be confidential and/or legally privileged and is for the use of the intended 
 recipient only. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended 
 recipient, the dissemination, distribution or reproduction of this communication or its contents (including any attachments) is 
 prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or reply e-mail and 
 permanently delete it and any copies from your system files. 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, September 03, 2019 4:21 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein Case 
 We will work on providing that list. Yes, I'm available tomorrow after 2 or Thursday after 2- what works for you? 
 Thanks. 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, September 3, 2019 2:26 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein Case 
 I have now had the opportunity to discuss this request with both and our and I 
 am renewing my request that you provide a list of the specific documents and other materials that you are requesting 
 the OCME not disclose. Additionally, I would appreciate the opportunity to speak with you briefly concerning the 
 document that you have requested that OCME destroy, and that OCME has deactivated in the manner that I described 
 to you last week. Please let me know when would be convenient for you; thanks. 
 Office of Chief Medical Examiner 
 New York, NY 10016 
 The information contained in this e-mail communication may be confidential and/or legally privileged and is for the use of the intended 
 recipient only. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended 
 recipient, the dissemination, distribution or reproduction of this communication or its contents (including any attachments) is 
 prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or reply e-mail and 
 permanently delete it and any copies from your system files. 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, August 28, 2019 10:28 AM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Epstein Case 
 EFTA00032424
Per our discussion, please see attached. 
 We are also requesting that OCME destroy its copy of the draft interview report, dated August 12, 2019, relating to the 
 FBI's interview of 
 Please let us know if you have any questions. Thank you. 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032425
From: ' 
 To: ' 
 Subject: Update? 
 Date: Mon, 09 Sep 2019 22:46:31 +0000 
 I am leaving shortly. No major news. 
 returned from her grandfather's funeral. 
 Epstein: we interviewed one victim today. 
 MCC: We interviewed an inmate. 
 If we don't connect, we can talk in the morning. 
 Deputy United States Attorney 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 Tel.: 
 EFTA00032426
From: 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 (USANYS)" 
 ci 
 (USANYS)" <1 
 (USANYS)"  
 Subject: RE: Epstein -- Release of USMS information 
 Date: Fri, 13 Sep 2019 19:11:46 +0000 
 OK. Sorry about that. 
 From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Friday, September 13, 2019 3:11 PM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 Cc: (USANYS) < 
 Subject: RE: Epstein -- Release of USMS information 
 No prob, we can do 4:30 then. 
 From: (USANYS) a> 
 Sent: Friday, September 13, 2019 3:09 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) < 
 Subject: RE: Epstein -- Release of USMS information 
 Can't do 3:30. I can do now until 3:30. I can also do 4:30. Sorry about that. 
 From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Friday, September 13, 2019 2:54 PM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 Cc: (USANYS) < 
 Subject: Re: Epstein -- Release of USMS information 
 Either works. We can come down at 330. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Sep 13, 2019, at 2:46 PM, (USANYS) a> wrote: 
 3:30 or 4:30. 
 From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Friday, September 13, 2019 2:26 PM 
 To: (USANYS)<> 
 Cc: (USANYS) < 
 Subject: RE: Epstein -- Release of USMS information 
 Let us know if you have some time this afternoon. We have something at 2:30 but are otherwise free. 
 From: (USANYS) <=> 
 Sent: Friday, September 13, 2019 2:01 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 cS; 
 (USANYS) > 
 (USANYS) 
 EFTA00032427
Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: Epstein -- Release of USMS information 
 (USANYS) < 
 As you are undoubtedly aware, there has been some press coverage since yesterday about the release pursuant to FOIA 
 of some USMS records. I just spoke with the Associate General Counsel at the USMS, who wanted to provide us with 
 the actual source materials (USM 11s (equivalent of 302s)) that were inadvertently released, because they were not in 
 all circumstances accurately reported, and he wanted to make sure that if we are concerned about any harm to our 
 investigation from the release, that we have the original materials. He also offered to serve as a POC if we have any 
 questions. 
 Chief, Criminal Division 
 United States Attorney's Office, SDNY 
 EFTA00032428
From: ' (USANYS)"  
 To: " (USANYS)" < >, " (USANYS)" 
 Subject: FW: Epstein FOIA Requests 
 Date: Mon, 16 Sep 2019 16:20:30 +0000 
 Attachments: Sigrid_S_McCawley_2019-003550 July_Ist_corr.pdf; SigridMcCawley8-27-19.pdf 
 FYI, we have a bunch of FOIA requests for our Epstein investigation, including a couple from Boies Schiller on 
 behalf of their client I expect we will be asserting the ongoing investigation exemption as to all of them, 
 including BS's, altho it is possible that may be entitled to some additional information as relates 
 specifically to her. Let me know if you want to discuss. 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, September 13, 2019 8:59 AM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: Epstein FOIA Requests 
 We have just received 4 new FOIA requests relating to the Epstein case: 
 UEOUSA-2019-003715 — Merris Badcock — WPTV — West Palm Beach, FL 
 Electronic request - Any and all records related to Jeffrey Epstein. This would include, but not be limited to any and all 
 records from 2005 (or sooner). 
 UEOUSA-2019-004234 — Douglas Montero — American Media, Inc. 
 Electronic request - All files, photographs, videos and audio recordings pertaining to the July 6, 2019 SDNY indictment of 
 Jeffrey Epstein — DOB 1-1953. 
 EOUSA-2019-04387 — Sigrid McCawley - BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
 See attached - Multi district request. 2-parts. Part 1— Records concerning their client Part 2 — All 
 records concerning the now deceased Jeffrey Epstein. 
 UEOUSA-2019-3550 — Sigrid McCawley — BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
 See attached - Copies of entire file for any and all matters involving SDNY pertaining in any way to investigations, 
 complaints, or allegations regarding or relating to Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, 
 Mark Epstein, and others (see attached). 
 Wondering if you and want to consult with the trial team about what is releasable before 
 There is also a Fifth request in the pipeline and I would guess others to follow. 
 and I speak with 
 EFTA00032429
Empty content found in page 519
Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 New York NY 10007 
 Ori inal Messa e 
 From:
 Sent: Friday, December 4, 2020 2:04 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell 
 Attached please find the letter to Hon. Nathan. 
 Best, 
 Staff Attorney 
 Department of Justice 
 Federal Bureau of Prisons 
 Metro litan Detention Center Brooklyn 
 Brook) , New York 11232 
 P: 
 E: 
 SENSITIVE/PRIVILEGED COMMUNICATION 
 The information contained in this electronic message and any and all 
 accompanying documents constitutes sensitive information. This 
 information is the property of the U.S. Department of Justice. If you 
 are not the intended recipient of this information, any disclosures, 
 copying, distribution, or the taking of any action in reliance on this 
 information is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in 
 error, please notify us immediately to make arrangements for its return 
 to us. 
 >>> 12/4/2020 9:39 
 EFTA00031963
S
 F BOIES 
 pL 
 August 20, 2019 
 VIA FEDEx 
 FOIA PUBLIC LIAISON 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICE FOR UNITED STATES ATTORNEYS 
 itly AM 1, .” 
 •  
 I: 
 II 
 Re: FOIA Requests; EOUSA-2019-003546. EOUSA-2019-003548. EOUSA-2019-003549 
 DOUSA-2019-003550. EOUSA-2019-003551. EOUSA-2019-003552. EOUSA-2019-003553, Sc 
 EOUSA-2019-003554 
 Dear FOIA Public Liaison Officer: 
 This letter is in response to the Jul 17 2019 letter regarding the eight above referenced 
 I:O1A requests from Assistant Director . A copy of which is enclosed for you 
 reference. 
 First in re and to ). Records 
 concerning were requested in FOIA requests: EOUSA-2019-003549, EOUSA-2019-
 003550, EOUSA-2019-003552, EOUSA-2019-003553, and EOUSA-2019.003554 directed 
 toward the United States Attorney's Offices for the District of New Mexico, Southern District of 
 New York, District of the Virgin Islands, Southern District of Florida, and Northern District of 
 Georgia respective) . We have obtained the necessary authorization (Certificate of Identity, Form 
 DOJ-361) from for the release of her records to our firm, Boies, Schiller and Flexner 
 LLP, and to me specifically. See the signed authorization form enclosed. 
 is our client and we are obtaining her records on her behalf. This is a priority 
 over all other aspects of our record requests contained in the eight referenced FOIA requests. 
 Specifically, records related to complaints filed by her against Jeffrey Epstein in New York are 
 requested on an expedited basis if possible. 
 Second, in regard to Jeffrey Epstein (DOB: 01/20/1953). Records concerning Epstein were 
 requested in FOIA requests: EOUSA-2019-003549, EOUSA-2019-003550, EOUSA-2019-
 003552, EOUSA-2019-003553, and EOUSA-2019-003554 directed toward the United States 
 Attorney's Offices for the District of New Mexico, Southern District of New York, District of the 
 Virgin Islands, Southern District of Florida, and Northern District of Georgia respectively. 
 Subsequent to our original request, Jeffrey Epstein died on August 10, 2019. Given that Epstein 
 died in Federal custody while facing Federal charges, and the resulting media attention, we assume 
 that the Department of Justice is well aware of his death. As Jeffrey Epstein is now deceased, any 
 privacy concerns are extinguished. We therefore renew our request for all records pertaining to 
 BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
 IwwwbsflIpcom 
 EFTA00032431
BSF 
 BOIES 
 SCHILLER 
 FLEXNER 
 Jeffrey Epstein. Should you require that we obtain a formal death certificate to proceed, please let 
 • us know and we will conduct that exercise. 
 Finally, we request all public documents concerning tirieti individuals that may be 
 contained within your files as described by Assistant Director in the third paragraph of his 
 letter. We are prepared to pay reasonable duplication fees in an amount not to exceed $500 for 
 any such records. 
 We reserve the right to supplement this request with additional supporting material as it 
 may become available, and to file a formal a should that become neces . If it is hel ful 
 please free to contact me by telephone at or via email at 
 to discuss these matters and expedite a satisfactory resolution. 
 Enclosures 
 Sincerely, 
 Sigrid S. ey, Esq. 
 BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LAP 
 I www bsf Op corn 
 EFTA00032432
U.S. Department of Justice 
 Executive Office for United States Attorneys 
 Fr eedom of Information and Privacy Staff 
 Si rid S. McCawlcv 
 July 17, 2019 
 Re: Request Numbers: EOUSA-2019.003546. EOUSA-2019-003548. EOUSA-2019-003549. 
 BOUSA-2019-003550. EOUSA-20 I 9-00355 EOUSA-2019-003552. EOUSA-2019-003553. & 
 EOUSA-20 I 9-003554 
 Date of Receipt:  July 1.2019 
 Subject of Request: Third-Party Material — Multiple Inividuals 
 Dear Ms. McCawley: 
 The Executive Office for United States Attorneys has received eight Freedom of 
 Information Act request that you filed on July 1, 2019, and assigned the above reference numbers 
 to them. 
 You have requested records concerning third parties. Records pertaining to a third party 
 generally cannot be released absent express authorization and consent of the third party, proof 
 that the subject of your request is deceased, or a clear demonstration that the public interest in 
 disclosure outweighs the personal privacy interest and that significant public benefit would result 
 from the disclosure of the requested records. Since you have not furnished a release, death 
 certificate, or public justification for release, the release of records concerning a third party 
 would result in an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy and would be in violation of the 
 Privacy Act, 5 U.S.C.§ 552a. These records are also generally exempt from disclosure pursuant 
 to sections (bX6) and (b)(7)(C) of the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552. 
 We will release, if requested, any public records maintained in our files, such as court 
 records and news clippings, without the express authorization of the third party, a death 
 certificate, or public justification for release. If you desire to obtain public records, if public 
 records exist in ow files, lease re I with a letter askin for the ublic documents. Please send 
 your letter to 
 Should you obtain the written authorization and consent of the third party for release of 
 the records to you, please submit a new request for the documents accompanied by the written 
 authorization. A form is enclosed to assist you in providing us the authorization and consent of 
 the subject of your request. Your name should appear in the section titled "Optional." The 
 authorization must be notarized or si ed under enalt of a 'u ursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1001. 
 Please send your new request to 
 EFTA00032433
This is our final action on this above-numbered request. If you arc not satisfied with my 
 response to this request, you may administratively appeal by writin to the Direct rOffice of 
 Information Polic O1P United States Department of Justice, 
 , or you may submit an appeal through OIP's 
 FOIAonline portal by creating an account on the following web site: 
 httos://foiaonline.reculations.wv/foia/action/oublic./home. Your appeal must be postmarked or 
 electronically transmitted within ninety (90) days of the date of my response to your request. If 
 you submit your appeal by mail, both the letter and the envelope should be clearly marked 
 "Freedom of Information Act Appeal." 
 You may contact our FOR Public Liaison at the Executive Office for United States 
 Attorneys (EOUSA) for any further assistance and to discuss any aspect of your request. The 
 contact information for EOUSA is 
 telephone at ; or facsimile . Additionally, you may contact the 
 Office of Government Information Services (OGIS) at the National Archives and Records 
 Administration to inquire about the FOR mediation services they offer. The contact information 
 for OGIS is as follows: Office of Government Information Services, National Archives and 
 Records Administration, ; e-mail 
 at ; telephone at toll free at or facsimile at 
 Sincere! , 
 Assistant Director 
 Enclosure(s) 
 Form No 006. 1215 
 EFTA00032434
- US Ihtgoartnatut ofJustice Certification of Identity 
 rORa APPNOVE0ONISMI I1014010 
 Privacy Act Statement. In accordance with 23 CFR Section 16.41(4) personal data sufficient to identify the individuals submatng requests by 
 mail under the Privacy Act of 1974. 5 (!.S.C. Section 552a. is required. The purpose of this solicitation is to ensure that the records of individtrais 
 "he are the subject of U.S. Department of Justice systems of records we inn wrongfully disclosed by the Department. Requests toll not be 
 pwccsaal if this infunranion is not furnished. False information tm this form ins). subject the requester to criminal penalties under IR US C. 
 Section 1001 andror 5 U.S.0 Section 5524 11151. 
 Public mooning burden fee this collection of information is estimated to average 0.50 hours pa response. including the time for reviewing 
 intructions. searching existing data sources, gathering and maintaimng the data needed and completing and reviewing the collection of 
 information Suggestions for reducing this burden may be submitted to the Olt lee of Information and Regulatory Affaus. (y111cc of Management 
 Itudget, Public I 'se Reports Prilyti I I iii14101hL Washington. IX :rirsii; 
 Full Name of Requester  
 Citizenship Status:   Social Security Number 3
 Current Address 
 Date of Birth Place ot Birth 
 OPTIONAL: Authorization to Release Information to Another Person 
 This hum is also to be completed by a NNUC•ler who is auttinnzing information relating to himself or herself to be mimed to anodic person 
 Further. pursuant to 5 S.C. Section 557m19. I MAO, Tie the 11.5 Deponment of honer to release any and all information relating to me to: 
 Print or Type Name 
 I deesare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United States of America that the foregoing is true and correct, and that I am the person 
 named abose. and ! understand that: am fahufiawn of this statement is punishable under the provisions of IS II S C Section 1001 by a tine ol 
 not mar than 510100 or by imprisonment of not more than fse )can or both, and that requesting or obtaining any record(s) under false 
 pretenses is punisliabie under the pros twins of 5 U S.0 5524 it tit, a line of not more than 55.000 
 Signature 4 Date 
 Name of indi‘iduil %too is the subject of the record(s) sought. 
 Individual sulsrnitting a request under the Privacy Act of 1974 must he either -a citizen of the I !Fitted States or an alien lawfully 
 admitted for permanent residemx." pursuant to 5 U.S.C. Section 3528(42). Requests will be processed us Freedom of Information Act 
 requests pursuant to 3 1; SX. Section 552. rather than Privacy Act requests for individuals who are not linited States citizens or aliens 
 lawfully admitted for permanent residence. 
 3 
 Providing your social sa.wity moaner is • ohne" . You art asked to pan ide your social *Lardy number only to facilitate the 
 identification of records relating 10 you. Vo Mout your social secant; number, the Department may ha unable to locate any or all records 
 pertaining to you. 
 Signature of individual who is the subject of the record sought. 
 FORM OW-14I 
 EFTA00032435
U.S Department of Justice Certification of Identity 
 FORM AMIOVED OMB NO 
 11O41O16 WRVS 0311/7320 
 Privacy Act Statement. In acoordance with 23 OR Section 16.41(d) personal data suffidem to identify the individuals submitting request by 
 null under the Privacy Act of 1974. 5 U S C Section 552a. t required. The purpose of this solicitation is to emote thai the rectal, of individuals 
 who are the subject of U.S. Department of Justice systems of records are not wrongfully disclosed by the Ikpanmeni Requests will rot be 
 processed if this information is not furnished. False information on this form may subject the requester to criminal penalties under IR U.S.C_ 
 Section 1(101 and or 5 U.S.C. Section 552a0/13). 
 Public is-porting burden for this collection of information as estimated to average 0.50 boon per response. including the tame for reviewing 
 instni inins. sent-tuns mums data sowers. gathering and manuanung the data needed. and completing and reviewing the collection of 
 infornunon Stiffest/MIS for reducing this burden mas be submitted to the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs. Office of Management 
 and Budget. Public Use Reports Protect III0341016). Watkins . DC 20913 
 Full Name of Requester  
 Citizen of the United States 
 Citizenship Status -   Social Security Number 
 Current Address 
 Date of Birth a  _ Place of Birth 
 OPTIONAL: Atttborizadoo to Release Information to Another Person 
 'us form is also to be completed by a requester who as authorizing intonnation relating to himself or bench to he released to another person 
 Further. pursuant to 5 U.S.C. Section 552ailsl. I authorize the U.S.—patunent of lust tie to release any and all information relating to me to 
 My attorneys at Boles, Schiller and Flexner LLP. Including, but not limited to, Sigrid McCawtey. 
 Print or Type Name 
 I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United Stain of America that the foregoing is true and correct, and that I am the person 
 named chose. and I understand that any faluficatam flue statement is pumshable under the provisions of IS U S.C. Section 1001 by a fine of 
 nut more than $10.000 in bs ustimutunent of not more than Inc years or both. aid that requesting or obtaining any record(s) under false 
 pretenses is p 55.000. 
 Signature Date 
 • 
 Name of indiodual who IS the subject of the reconilid sought. 
 a 
 Individual submitting a request under die Privacy Act of 1974 must be either `a citizen of the United Stales or an alien lawfully 
 admitted for gcmunem residence.' punning to 5 US.C. Section 552atag2). Requests will be processed as Freedom of Information Ad 
 requests pursuant to 5 U.S.C. Station 552. rather dran Privacy Ad namarms. for individuals who tar nut United States citizens or aliens 
 lawfully admitted for permanent residence. 
 Providing your social security number is voluntary. You are asked to provide your social security number only to facilitate the 
 identification of records relating to you. Without your social %aunty number. the Departmem may be unable to locate any or all records 
 pertaining to you. 
 '
 Signature of individual who is the subject of the record sought. 
 101ISI OM lel 
 EFTA00032436
THE' C I T Y OF NEW YORK --(,\ `• 
 -- .. ..- '.. • - --.> •!. vm i i la ( cows ( 1 1( 1 11 11 All ;. t.. 
 .
 .. - - i 
 .... 
 . 
 . S 
 I 
 v
 •. 
 % 
 I 
 , 
 • 
 t 
 i 
 % 
 I 
 — 
 ...._..." ' 
 • • • — 
 " Ie .ATE FILED MT CRY OF NEW TOR( 
 A0(1.0.701907.36PH 
 DEATH TRANSCRIPT 
 - DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND MENTAL MONNE 
 CERTYF1CATE OF DEATH Oman, PIA 156-19.032838 
 - 
 ..... , u... 
 1-1:1  
 --- n -0 
 S t . In
 .r.e. 
 I ' M:Wen JEFFREY EDWARD EPSTEN ei .3. 4-, 
 LEGAL NAME 
 .•••— • r 
 —Ova ma us 
 i t—a rise* 0 ly. My fa Om la Ilimatimattetalielolly.itillialag ems 40 
 rim ,----.......—...i 
 a 
 sa, two 
 si me gi ne 4 Kari blaystim 
 %UMW Volara tU Miata MS 
 War 
 :it
 lerseglarel 
 .0 
 IS VolasOWINinall MOS !INS 
 , 
 as Minhblan 
 0ginalet SO sailbal tftsline• 
 tacaphy pets 
 MOS twalif MUMMA C 
 Mord 
 wt. wed 
 lma al DS 
 OM 
 it pot Mad Martyrs , it Mr 
 August 10 am) (7:36 
 Was lilt 
 UN. MS 
 teanitetta 
 MI0019432 
 At p 
 PinnidelnIn. Pending Further Stu*/ 
 I
 i 3 towlisallsze
 2 I 
 swos. •
 . 
 b a. ..wt.. selaweloilweltastealaiiManii. isallaptiLlualsompeato s 
 A 
 ISTR I 
 owes nine. 
 .. 
 . . 
 . -• 
 j
 1 TA TOHO•••• • 0 wpm TsPm 
 . . .‘ 
 G — 
 ono los terra 
 • • ' ' 
 • i  
 it Ms Mr Can. < 
 4 
 ilahlrePPRIPOIAV I /SR .` sii 
 awe cent ilsia 
 I .I hrew  .. , 
 net . • ewe 
 memo, 
 a Man: ~ 0 MISS 
 , 
 Oidatod a 
 on 
 ma rAUG-1 1-2911 
 U Paw 
 ame se 
 Wan 0 lira. tarts
 Li •.' 
 O1 2 
 Wy 
 "n r:i. a. a.... ass. am 
 US %Mr lards 
 cis , i 
 St 
 ik. 
 
 • 
 aniar 
 ... 0002
 or 
 ,Oar ISM 
 Q' ROM alai Mel Se 
 Amoy 20 
 Mt 
 IMMO
 ■
 0 0 ‘''. • 
 I P.' 
 1 
 r 
 . 
 2.
 i 
 TAL Lhm00000 Ma 0 animiseits 0o. 
 Ousall010 COOSaltint 
 TIP Whet • HalshispmEHM 
 4 en en 
 4 I r Ns lest Ion* Poe One pro he ernaihm Pp Comp • ineette. 
 --a Ma Wm min. SAS tar 
 ETECOMr. NOW York 
 aria he 
 a 
 a a s am adeley I 
 i Ir. : tO darn las..0 COL MOWS SI tharsatni. 
 ' 
 it Ms bill ID hmerT000111•Ms 
 ..trees HP Una tO Den 
 9 - 4.: - rem pow • Ow inehoppra SSA LATO 
 S d UMmiltaaliamend I 
 . 
 1000 a Oft flaCelLamily 
 . 
 ••• ••• 
 .coati
 te rra 
 1 
 72. law% Mom am abaft Lao•-
 $0 101M 
 UM ' 
 eat rZ • \ , 
 I bat islintora maw 
 Mark Epstein I BMW 
 se lir MOW 
 arras 
 s Si MAN • i Dipmf arn 1pal. r Set 
 a 
 i 
 I 0 SIVISI I CIOnnalin in SOMS.•• SOOSS•••••• 
 swainish 
 smisily• similem Susi 
 2 ITTP•P•WhOpeiTA NA Os st on AT re 
 crpsen 06 13 2011 
 St Maillmlalilmer.le /Suss Ohms ard its A/7 5w Wass 
 1076 Madison Ave New Yak, NY 10026-0237 
 M owww....” — 
 I 
 . • . ..* 
 star Oa I 
 ..Mrs 'S*m .H halo • sea at MalMaar Sill v. soity ie or mai ri 
 Slaw, P &Mot, Plif SINS 
 Tui noon so Ss •••••••ust 9 Imo spy M. ••••• •• amino O•pri... id miss 
 F Nall 
 illosik.S.0007 • • es SO .w1.0 anal 
 Ma 
 So eguillniSsi•I 0. ... 
 • Set ems wage A rows Tt 
 PIS Ones tell tn., C—" 
 we
 sa • S• rear Ss 0/ ••• 08•••••• V C• MIS Cla • I.. •Ps Ls. 
 arnalas- OTA=--• 
 hes D. I'M 
 11. "I" IP IS" Pater skewing 
 6600s? 
 Y01383215 
 EFTA00032437
From: (USANYS)" 
 - 
 To: (USANYS)" 
 Subject: Fwd: M request 
 Date: Mon, 16 Sep 2019 20:00:17 +0000 
 > 
 fr . 
 Wrong • cc'd. Ridiculous. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: ' (USANYS)" < 
 Date: September 16, 2019 at 3:49:44 PM EDT 
 To: " (USANYS I" 
 I I 
 (USANY 
 Subject: = request 
 > 
 aNY S)" 
 • requests Urgent report on the DB part of Epstein case (or the Epstein part of DB. This could be separate UMR or 
 tagged onto the DB/Kushner UMR, depending on how we see it—is it part of pre-existing DB SAR investigation or 
 separate? 
 Please let me know how you plan to proceed. 
 Thanks 
 Deputy United States Attorney 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032438
From: (USANYS)" 
 To: (USANYS)"  
 Cc: (USANYS)"  
 Subject: RE: request 
 Date: Mon, 16 Sep 2019 21:02:29 +0000 
 We came by a bit ago — let us know if you are back around or we can connect with you in the morning. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Monday, September 16, 2019 4:03 PM 
 To: (USANYS) (USANYS) < 
 ) 1 
 (USANYS) 3 < 
 Subject: RE: request 
 Sorry for that; thanks 
 From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Monday, September 16, 2019 4:02 PM 
 To: (USANYS) < (USANYS) 
 ) 1 ca 
 (USANYS) 3 
 Subject: RE: request 
 Switching out We will come talk to you in a bit. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Monday, September 16, 2019 3:50 PM 
 To: (USANYS)<> (USANYS) 
 ) 1 ca 
 (USANYS) 3 
 Subject:MI request 
 requests Urgent report on the DB part of Epstein case (or the Epstein part of DB. This could be separate UMR or 
 tagged onto the DB/Kushner UMR, depending on how we see it—is it part of pre-existing DB SAR investigation or 
 separate? 
 Please let me know how you plan to proceed. 
 Thanks 
 Deputy United States Attorney 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032439
From: " 
 To: " 
 (USANYS)" < > 
 (USANYS)" cz> 
 Subject: Accepted: Meet on Epstein 
 Date: Tue, 17 Sep 2019 01:33:14 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00032440
AM >» 
 Thank you very much. 
 Ori inal Messa e 
 From: 1IIII=MIE>
 Sent: Frida , December 4, 2020 7:41 AM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: New drive for Maxwell 
 Not a problem. 
 Best,
 >>> 
 PM >» 
 Hi all, 
 12/3/2020 5:24 
 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine 
 Maxwell, which should arrive at the MDC tomorrow. This drive will 
 replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the 
 accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure 
 Maxwell is given access to this drive? 
 Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be 
 mailed to the below address: 
 Paralegal Specialist 
 U.S. Attorneys Office, SDNY 
 New York, NY 10007 
 Thanks very much, as always, for your help. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00031964
Event: Accepted: Meet on Epstein 
 Start Date: 2019-09-17 14:00:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2019-09-17 14:30:00 +0000 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Comment: 
 Date Created: 2019-09-17 08:33:55 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2019-09-17 08:33:55 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2019-09-17 01:33:14 +0000 
 Attendee: (USANYS) < > 
 EFTA00032441
From: " (USANYS)" c> 
 To: " (USANYS)" ‹> 
 Subject: Accepted: Meet on Epstein 
 Date: Tue, 17 Sep 2019 00:54:11 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00032442
Event: Accepted: Meet on Epstein 
 Start Date: 2019-09-17 14:00:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2019-09-17 14:30:00 +0000 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Comment: 
 Date Created: 2019-09-17 08:19:59 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2019-09-17 08:19:59 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2019-09-17 00:54:11 +0000 
 Attendee: (USANYS) < > 
 EFTA00032443
From 
 To 
 Subject: Epstein 
 Date: Tue, 17 Sep 2019 17:38:05 +0000 
 2:30 works great. Thanks 
 FBI New York 
 On Sep 17, 2019 1:04 PM wrote: 
 Just tried you back — sorry we keep missing each other. What does your afternoon look like? Would a call at 2 or 2:30 
 work for you? Also free after 4:30 if that's better. Thanks 
 Co -Chief, Public Corruption Unit 
 U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
 New York 
 EFTA00032444
From: 
 To: r" "" 
 Subject: Spreadsheet 
 Date: Tue, 17 Sep 2019 21:06:22 +0000 
 Attachments: TRUINTEL_SHU_7.01_-8.19.xlsx 
 The spreadsheet is finally done. 
 EFTA00032445
From: " 
 To: " 
 Subject: Tentative: Call w/ Andy Tomback and Marc Weinstein (Epstein estate) 
 Date: Wed, 31 Mar 2021 19:41:43 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00032446
Event: Tentative: Call w/ Andy Tomback and Marc Weinstein (Epstein estate) 
 Start Date: 2021-04-05 19:30:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2021-04-05 20:00:00 +0000 
 Location 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Comment: 
 Date Created: 2021-03-31 20:01:38 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2021-03-31 20:01:38 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2021-03-31 19:41:42 +0000 
 Attendee: 1 < 
 EFTA00032447
From:Access to Justice Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To:. 
 Subject:Discharged In The Dark: Immigrant GIs Fight For Due Process 
 Date:Mon, 25 Feb 2019 12:50:33 +0000 
 ;°',Law36 
 0 Access 
 to 
 Justice 
 Access to Justice 
 lvlavni_9.jpg 
 Discharged In The Dark: Immigrant GIs Fight For Due Process 
 More than 530 immigrant soldiers enlisted in the military through a program that 
 promised to naturalize them as citizens, only to be discharged without warning 
 due to purported security concerns. Now they're fighting for due process in the 
 country they pledged to serve and facing potential persecution in the countries 
 they left behind. 
 Read full articIP 
 Justices' Answer On Excessive Fines Invites New Questions 
 After the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling that state and local governments must 
 abide by the constitutional ban on excessive fines, advocates say the fight 
 against civil asset forfeiture is far from over. 
 Read full article 
 For Prisoners, Privacy Of Attorney Emails An Open Question 
 Communications with your attorney are usually private, but there's a glaring 
 exception for people in prison. Federal prosecutors can access all emails sent 
 over a system set up by the Bureau of Prisons, and it's unclear how often they 
 might be looking at emails between attorneys and their clients. 
 Read full article 
 Freedom At A Cost: Fighting Court Fees On The Acquitted 
 In 2017, after two trials and years of legal fees that wiped out his life savings, 
 Curtis Lovelace was acquitted of the murder of his wife, but the court ruled he 
 still had to pay $35,000 as a "bond forfeiture fee," something Lovelace is novif 
 arguing is unconstitutional. 
 Read full article 
 Texas Rebuffed On Mental Fitness Review For Death Row 
 Monday, February 25, 2019 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Akerman 
 Ashby & Geddes 
 Barket Epstein 
 Cohen Milstein 
 Covington & Burling 
 Cozen O'Connor 
 DLA Piper 
 Debevoise & Plimpton 
 Faegre Baker 
 Farah & Farah 
 Fried Frank 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Goldberg Segalla 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Holland & Knight 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth 
 Ice Miller 
 Jenner & Block 
 Jones Day 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Mayer Brown 
 McDermott Will 
 McDonnell Boehnen 
 Ogletree Deakins 
 Perkins Coie 
 Polsinelli 
 Riley Safer 
 EFTA00032448
A Texas court relied on outdated and stereotypical rationales to determine that a 
 death row inmate who struggled as a teenager to grasp basic math was not 
 intellectually disabled and should be executed, the U.S. Supreme Court has 
 ruled, reinforcing that established clinical guidelines must underpin such 
 decisions. 
 Read full article 
 Fla. Bar Foundation Gets $3.6M From Sanctions For Legal Aid 
 The Florida Bar Foundation said it has received $3.6 million of the $4.3 million in 
 sanctions from two law firms involved in tobacco litigation and plans to disburse 
 it to qualified legal aid organizations in the Middle District of Florida. 
 Read full article 
 Perspectives 
 Rumors Of Civil Forfeiture's Death Are Greatly Exaggerated 
 While the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Timbs v. Indiana ought to be 
 celebrated by the civil forfeiture bar, it should not be viewed as a sea change —
 for three reasons, says Alexander Klein of Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea & 
 LoTurco LLP. 
 Read full article 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Schiff Hardin 
 Sidley Austin 
 Skadden 
 Stradling Yocca 
 The Wilner Firm PA 
 Young Conaway 
 COMPANIES 
 Amazon.com Inc. 
 American Bar Association 
 American Civil Liberties 
 Union 
 American Psychological 
 Association 
 American Tort Reform 
 Association 
 Aon Corporation 
 Burford Capital LLC 
 Cable News Network Inc. 
 Cato Institute 
 Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. 
 Cooper Industries PLC 
 Delta Air Lines Inc. 
 Google Inc. 
 Guardian Life Insurance 
 Hercules Offshore, Inc. 
 IMF Bentham Ltd. 
 Linkedln Corp. 
 Major Lindsey & Africa 
 McKinsey & Company 
 Morgan Stanley 
 National Association of 
 Counties Inc. 
 New York State Bar 
 Association 
 New York Times Co. 
 Platinum Partners LP 
 Purdue Pharma LP 
 Southern Poverty Law 
 Center 
 Spotify Technology SA 
 Tesla Inc. 
 Teva Pharmaceutical 
 Industries Limited 
 EFTA00032449
The American Legion 
 The Catholic Diocese of 
 Wilmington Inc. 
 The Florida Bar 
 The State University of New 
 York 
 Therium Capital 
 Management Ltd. 
 United Continental Holdings 
 Inc. 
 Warner Bros. 
 Willis Towers Watson PLC 
 GOVERNMENT 
 AGENCIES 
 Bureau of Citizenship and 
 Immigration Services 
 Chicago Department of 
 Aviation 
 Chicago Transit Authority 
 European Union 
 Executive Office of the 
 President 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Financial Conduct Authority 
 Florida Supreme Court 
 Illinois Supreme Court 
 Information Commissioner's 
 Office 
 Maryland -National Capital 
 Park and Planning 
 Commission 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 U.S. Army 
 U.S. Attomey's Office 
 U.S. Department of 
 Defense 
 U.S. Department of 
 Education 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of Labor 
 U.S. Department of 
 Transportation 
 U.S. Senate 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 EFTA00032450
From: '  
 < 
 To:"  
 < 
 Cc: ' (USANYS)" 
 Subject: Re: SDNY case 
 Date: Mon, 07 Dec 2020 01:41:32 +0000 
 Sure, sounds good, thanks. 
 On Dec 6, 2020, at 6:51 PM, wrote: 
 I think we will probably want to talk to him more than once, and it may take him time to line up resources on 
 this, so if it's ok with you why don't we talk to him briefly to explain the timeline and issues. That way, we can 
 forward him the filing when it comes in and he'll be prepped to look into it. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Dec 6, 2020, at 6:43 PM, ) < 
 > wrote: 
 Yes, but I think it would make more sense to schedule this call for Tuesday so that we already have Maxwell's 
 bail application when we speak with him. 
 On Dec 5, 2020, at 12:02 PM, 
 Does that work for you? 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: ' (CRM)" < 
 Date: December 5, 2020 at 2:32:23 AM EST 
 To: " 
 Cc: ' 
 Sure. How about noon on Monday? 
 DOJ Attacha/Magistrat de liaison americain 
 U.S. Embassy, Paris 
 Subject: RE: SDNY case 
 wrote: 
 (USANYS)" 
 EFTA00031965
Not sire if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort. 
 you may unsubscribe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries. please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360 I Portfolio Media. Inc. 111 West 19th Street 5th Floor. New York. NY 10011 
 EFTA00032451
From: 
 To: 
 (USANYS)" <MIMIMIE> 
 (USANYS)" <IMIE> 
 Subject: Accepted: Meeting with won Epstein 
 Date: Tue, 26 Feb 2019 17:35:24 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00032452
Event: Accepted: Meeting with on Epstein 
 Start Date: 2019-02-26 18:30:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2019-02-26 19:00:00 +0000 
 Organizer: (USANYS) < 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Comment: 
 Date Created: 2019-02-26 17:42:37 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2019-02-26 17:42:37 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2019-02-26 17:35:22 +0000 
 EFTA00032453
From: New York Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To: 
 Subject: KPMG's Middendorf Says He Blew Whistle On PCAOB Leaks 
 Date: "Cue, 05 Mar 2019 08:36:54 +0000 
 b j_aw360 New York 
 NEW YORK 
 Tuesday, March 5, 2019 Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 KPMG's Middendorf Says He Blew Whistle On PCAOB Leaks 
 A former KPMG partner on trial for an alleged conspiracy to steal inspection 
 plans from the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board took the stand in 
 his own defense Monday, telling a Manhattan federal jury he'd acted 
 appropriately, not criminally, upon learning of the scheme. 
 Read full article » 
 Ex -Trump Associate Hacked Mariah Carey's Ex-Manager: Suit 
 A former associate of President Donald Trump hacked electronics belonging 
 to Mariah Carey's ex-manager, according to a $1 million suit that was filed in 
 New York federal court Friday shortly before the defendant, a Russian-born 
 businessman, is slated to testify to Congress about the Trump Tower Moscow 
 project. 
 Read full article » 
 7th MoFo Atty Added To $200M Pregnancy Bias Suit 
 A former New York-based Morrison & Foerster LLP lawyer has become the 
 seventh female attorney to join a $200 million California federal class action 
 accusing the firm of systematically discriminating against pregnant women, 
 claiming she was unlawfully fired for not being adequately "committed" to the 
 fi rm after twice taking maternity leave. 
 Read full article » 
 Wesco Says NY Attys Hid Misconduct Claims, Voiding Policy 
 Wesco Insurance Co. sued Zane & Rudofsky in New York state court on 
 Monday, saying the law firm didn't disclose that it was once on the verge of 
 being sanctioned for misconduct and likely faced a malpractice suit when it 
 purchased a professional liability policy. 
 Read full article » 
 CONSUMER PROTECTION 
 Coffee Seller Hit With False Labeling Suit Over 'Kona' Blends 
 A consumer hit L & K Coffee Co. LLC with a proposed class action in New 
 York federal court Sunday alleging some of its Magnum Exotics coffee blends 
 are wrongly labeled as "Kona" coffee because the mixtures don't have the 
 same composition as authentic "Kona" coffee. 
 Read full article » 
 EMPLOYMENT 
 c'2,Law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Akin Gump 
 Axinn 
 Bailey & Glasser 
 Baker McKenzie 
 Brown Rudnick 
 Bruch Hanna 
 Cadwalader Wickersham 
 Clifford Chance 
 Cohen & Frankel LLP 
 Cole Schotz 
 Davis Polk 
 Emery Celli 
 Fried Frank 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Harris Wiltshire 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth 
 Jones Day 
 Katsky Korins 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Levi & Korsinsky 
 Levitt & Boccio 
 Lucas Magazine 
 EFTA00032454
NY Wants Info On Cos. Getting Federal Wage Theft 'Amnesty' 
 The New York attorney general's office sued the Trump administration 
 Monday, demanding records from the U.S. Department of Labor related to a 
 federal wage theft self-reporting program called Payroll Audit Independent 
 Determination, calling it a "non-enforcement initiative" that gives amnesty to 
 violators. 
 Read full article » 
 Firm Ordered To Drop Arbitration Bid In $2.3M Atty Fee Fight 
 The New York federal judge who oversaw the settlement of a case focused 
 on a Citigroup employee retirement plan ordered one of the plaintiff co-
 counsels on Monday to withdraw a request for court-ordered arbitration to 
 resolve a dispute over $2.3 million in legal fees. 
 Read full article » 
 SECURITIES & WHITE COLLAR 
 Insys Investors Seek Cert. In Fentanyl Stock Drop Suit 
 Insys Therapeutics Inc. investors urged a New York federal judge Friday to 
 certify their putative class action accusing the pharmaceutical company of 
 overstating its opioid sprays financial strength, a move that sparked a stock 
 downturn once the accounting problems were revealed. 
 Read full article » 
 Wiretapped Ex-Asst. DA's Suit Against NYC, Staff Survives 
 A former Brooklyn assistant district attorney who sued New York City and 
 several city workers who allegedly failed to prevent renegade prosecutor Tara 
 Lenich from wiretapping her has had most of her case survive dismissal, with 
 the court cutting one claim against individual defendants but greenlighting the 
 rest of the suit. 
 Read full article » 
 Adidas Bribery Convict Contests Schools' Restitution Bids 
 One of three men convicted of bribing student basketball players to attend 
 Adidas -sponsored schools urged a New York federal judge Monday to deny 
 two of the schools' restitution bids, saying they filed the requests too late and 
 are not entitled to attorney fees. 
 Read full article » 
 MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS 
 Nasdaq Matches Euronext's Bid For Norway Exchange 
 Nasdaq Inc. on Monday increased its offer to buy Norwegian stock exchange 
 Oslo Bors VPS, matching a competing bid from Euronext NV worth 6.8 billion 
 Norwegian krone ($795 million) as the trading venues look to sway 
 shareholders to their respective sides. 
 Read full article » 
 ENERGY & ENVIRONMENTAL 
 EPA Chief Touts Superfund Progress, Slams Enviro Critics 
 U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Andrew Wheeler on 
 Monday touted the EPA's success in finalizing cleanups at Superfund sites 
 across the country in 2018, and slammed environmentalists who say too 
 many sites are being written off too quickly. 
 Read full article » 
 REAL ESTATE & DEVELOPMENT 
 Manatt Phelps 
 Marks O'Neill 
 McTigue Law 
 Morrison & Foerster 
 Morrison Cohen 
 Nexsen Pruet 
 Nixon Peabody 
 Ogletree Deakins 
 Paul Hastings 
 Paul Weiss 
 Petrillo Klein 
 Pierce Bainbridge 
 Pillsbury Winthrop 
 Pryor Cashman 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Robinson Brog 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Rubin Ehrlich 
 Sanford Heisler Sharp 
 Schulte Roth 
 Sheehan & Associates PC 
 Simpson Thacher 
 Skadden 
 Stein Mitchell 
 Sullivan & Cromwell 
 TMK Attorneys PC 
 Trench Rossi 
 Vorys Sater 
 Wachtell Lipton 
 Williams & Connolly 
 Willkie Farr 
 COMPANIES 
 Abercrombie & Fitch 
 Adidas AG 
 Amazon.com Inc. 
 BNSF Railway Co. 
 Big Lots Inc. 
 CIM Group Inc. 
 Citigroup Inc. 
 Euronext Amsterdam NV 
 HSBC Holdings PLC 
 JBS SA 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 KPMG International 
 Linkedln Corp. 
 Lord & Taylor LLC 
 Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer 
 Center 
 NASDAQ OMX Group Inc. 
 NBCUniversal Inc. 
 EFTA00032455
NYC Real Estate Week In Review 
 Gibson Dunn & Crutcher LLP, Fried Frank Harris Shriver & Jacobson LLP 
 and Cole Schotz PC were among more than a dozen law firms that helped 
 with the largest New York City real estate deals that hit public records last 
 week, a group of transactions that included WeWork's $850 million purchase 
 of a Manhattan property. 
 Read full article » 
 PEOPLE 
 Axinn Hires Ex-Manatt Phelps Competition Pro For NY Office 
 Axinn Veltrop & Harkrider LLP has announced the hiring of an attorney who 
 formerly co-chaired Manatt Phelps & Phillips LLP's antitrust and competition 
 practice as a partner in its New York office. 
 Read full article » 
 Pierce Bainbridge Adds Compliance Chair, Fordham Prof 
 Pierce Bainbridge Beck Price & Hecht LLP has added as partners a recent 
 Baker McKenzie compliance and investigations group practice chair and a 
 former Ropes & Gray counsel with experience in a wide range of commercial, 
 securities and complex litigation, the firm announced Monday. 
 Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 Women In Law Need Equal Treatment, Not Affirmative Action 
 The sheer number of women entering the legal profession means gender 
 equality is coming, one way or the other. This Women's History Month, 
 BigLaw firms should reflect on this with the understanding that they dismiss 
 the flight of senior female attorneys from their ranks at their peril, says 
 Tamara Kurtzman, founder of TMK Attorneys PC. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Ex -Baker McKenzie Atty To Be Deposed Over Tell-All Memo 
 Baker McKenzie's alleged dirty laundry could soon be aired by a Virginia 
 federal court after a judge on Friday ordered the deposition of a former 
 partner who wrote a mysterious memo regarding alleged misconduct by the 
 fi rm's attorneys in a Brazilian corruption case tied to one of the world's largest 
 meatpacking companies. 
 Read full article » 
 Justice Ginsburg Bounces Back With 3 Decisions In 3 Weeks 
 U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has penned three opinions 
 for the high court in the past three weeks, apparently driven to write after 
 missing months of work following cancer surgery in December. 
 Read full article » 
 Jones Day Takes McGahn Back After White House Stint 
 Donald McGahn is returning to Jones Day to act as the global law firm's U.S. 
 government regulation practice leader, the firm announced Monday, following 
 a stint as White House counsel that included orchestrating the Trump 
 administration's nomination of two U.S. Supreme Court justices. 
 Read full article » 
 AG Barr Won't Recuse Himself From Mueller Probe 
 Ethics officials at the U.S. Department of Justice have cleared Attorney 
 General William Barr to oversee the probe being conducted by special 
 National Collegiate Athletic 
 Association 
 Public Company Accounting 
 Oversight Board 
 Regents of the University of 
 California 
 Stamps.com Inc. 
 Terreno Realty Corp. 
 Toys "R" Us Inc. 
 Twitter Inc. 
 UDR, Inc. 
 Vornado Realty Trust 
 Wal-Mart Stores Inc. 
 WeWork LLC 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Administrative Conference of the 
 United States 
 Commodity Futures Trading 
 Commission 
 Executive Office of the President 
 Federal Election Commission 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Copyright Office 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of Labor 
 U.S. Department of Transportation 
 U.S. Environmental Protection 
 Agency 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 Wage and Hour Division 
 EFTA00032456
counsel Robert Mueller, according to a Monday statement, despite concerns 
 about Barr's possible bias against the investigation. 
 Read full article » 
 Former Acting AG Matt Whitaker Leaves DOJ 
 Former acting Attorney General Matthew Whitaker has resigned from the 
 U.S. Department of Justice, a DOJ spokesperson confirmed Monday, less 
 than a month after William Barr was sworn in to replace him. 
 Read full article » 
 New Clifford Chance Program Offers 2-Month Unpaid Leave 
 Clifford Chance LLP is trying out a program that would allow attorneys to take 
 two months of unpaid leave under a new framework at the firm meant to 
 provide attorneys with a more flexible approach to their work, the firm 
 announced Monday. 
 Read full article » 
 Akin Gump Initiative Will Watch For Retail Trends, Risks 
 Attorneys across Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP are trying to prepare 
 themselves and their clients for the future of the retail industry's legal 
 landscape through a new "retail industry initiative," the firm said. 
 Read full article » 
 Interview 
 15 Minutes With Big Lots' General Counsel 
 Ronald "Rocky" Robins Jr. is familiar with both the corporate and private 
 practice realms, as he has held two general counsel positions and worked at 
 Davis Polk and Vorys Sater. Here, the general counsel of Big Lots shares the 
 most rewarding parts of being a lawyer and the qualities he values most in 
 outside counsel. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Global Privacy & Cybersecurity Associate 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP 
 New York. New York 
 elite lit boutique // mid level assoc 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York, New York 
 IP Litigation Paralegal/Legal Assistant with 
 Expert Presentation Skills 
 Epstein Drangel, LLP 
 New York, New York 
 Intellectual Property — Patent Agent 
 Troutman Sanders LLP 
 New York. New York 
 NYC*Corp*Assoc"Mid-sized*Lifestyle 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC, New York 
 Stellar mid-sized firm seeks outstanding 
 mid level m&a atty 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC, New York 
 Insurance Associate 
 Mound Cotton Wollan & Greengrass LLP 
 New York, New York 
 Mid -Level IP Litigation Associate with Solid 
 Experience in Trademark and Copyright 
 Law 
 Epstein Drangel 
 New York, New York 
 NYC Big-Law litigation assoc (3.4 yrs exp) 
 KLR Davis 
 New York, New York 
 Employment Associate I NY mid-size law 
 firm 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York, New York 
 L&E Partner -Mid-sized NYC law firm 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York City. New York 
 EFTA00032457
Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you rather not receive future mails of ibis sort 
 you may unsubscribe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries. please call +I-646-781.7g0 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law3601 Portfolio Media. Inc. Ill West 19th Street. Sih Floor. New York. NY [Mil 
 EFTA00032458
From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To:
 Subject: Foul With Routine Witness Trips Up Deutsche Libor Trial 
 Date: Mon, 01 Oct 2018 07:40:09 +0000 
 ;.;Law360 White 
 Collar 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Monday, October 1, 2018 Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Foul With Routine Witness Trips Up Deutsche Libor Trial 
 The government's Libor-rigging case against two former Deutsche Bank 
 traders has suffered setbacks in recent days, after a routine witness put on to 
 authenticate documents admitted signing an untrue declaration, which led to 
 harsh words from a federal judge to prosecutors and the exclusion of a swath 
 of trading data from coming into the case. Read full article » 
 Musk To Pay $20M In Settlement Over Going-Private Tweets 
 Elon Musk has agreed to step down as chairman of Tesla Inc. and pay a $20 
 million fine as part of settlements unveiled by the U.S. Securities and 
 Exchange Commission on Saturday, two days after the agency sued Musk 
 for allegedly having posted misleading Twitter messages about taking Tesla 
 private. Read full article » 
 Dems' Emoluments Suit Not Just A Political Fight, Judge Says 
 President Donald Trump can't get out of Congressional Democrats' lawsuit 
 alleging he violated the emoluments clause of the U.S. Constitution, a D.C. 
 federal judge ruled Friday, saying the lawmakers have standing to challenge 
 the president, and their allegations amount to more than "a political dispute 
 between the elected branches of government." Read full article » 
 2 Ex-Oil Co. Execs Get Prison For Global Bribery Scheme 
 Two former executives of Dutch oil company SBM Offshore NV were 
 sentenced by a federal judge in Houston on Friday afternoon to prison for 
 their roles in an international bribery scheme. Read full article » 
 Boston Nonprofit Exec Indicted For Embezzling Over $1M 
 A former executive at a Boston nonprofit was charged with allegedly 
 embezzling more than $1.3 million from company bank accounts, the U.S. 
 attorney for Massachusetts said on Thursday. Read full article » 
 IN-DEPTH 
 News Analysis 
 Supreme Court Cheat Sheet: 8 Cases To Watch 
 With D.C. Circuit Judge Brett Kavanaugh's fate as the ninth justice 
 still hanging in the balance, the U.S. Supreme Court kicks off its 
 new term Monday without a case of blockbuster proportions. But 
 there are several bread-and-butter business issues filling out the 
 docket, including an antitrust attack against Apple, a dispute over 
 ,Law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Armstrong Teasdale 
 Arnold & Porter 
 BakerHostetler 
 Ballard Spahr 
 Bancroft PLLC 
 Buckley Sandler 
 Covington & Burling 
 DLA Piper 
 Davis Polk 
 Dorsey & Whitney 
 Eisner Gorin 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 Gerard Fox Law 
 Geyser PC 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Haynes and Boone 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Hughes Hubbard 
 Javerbaum Wurgaft 
 Jones Day 
 Kellogg Hansen 
 King & Spalding 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 EFTA00032459
liability in securities fraud actions and a case that could undo how 
 some class settlements are structured. Read full article » 
 SECURITIES 
 Ex -Fund Manager Who Lost $22M Sentenced To 8 Years 
 A former Morgan Stanley trader and self-styled hedge fund manager who 
 took more than $24 million from friends and family and lost most of it through 
 risky options trading was sentenced to eight years in prison by a Manhattan 
 federal judge on Thursday. Read full article » 
 Ex-Ocwen Exec Settles SEC Insider Trading Claims 
 The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission announced Friday that the 
 former vice president of servicing at Ocwen Financial Corp. has agreed to 
 settle insider trading claims made in a complaint the commission filed in 
 Pennsylvania federal court the same day. Read full article » 
 Ex -Texas Pol Charged With Fraud Over Frack Sand Scheme 
 The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday announced it has 
 charged a former Texas state senator and another man over a scheme that 
 raised millions from investors for a hydraulic fracking-related company based 
 on misrepresentations. Read full article » 
 CFTC Starts Insider Trading Task Force, Sues Energy Trader 
 The Commodity Futures Trading Commission announced Friday that it has 
 created an insider trading task force, the same day the agency accused a 
 Houston -based energy commodities trader of using clients' trading 
 information to help a friend make money. Read full article » 
 IT Exec Gets 3 Years For Role In $2.8M Fraud Scheme 
 A former Illinois information technology firm executive was sentenced Friday 
 to 39 months in prison for taking part in a scheme to steal more than $2.8 
 million from the company. Read full article » 
 FCPA 
 Stryker Settles SEC's Latest FCPA Claims For $7.8M 
 Medical device company Stryker Corp. agreed to pay a $7.8 million penalty 
 over accounting and record keeping failures in China, India and Kuwait, 
 marking the company's second settlement with the U.S. Securities and 
 Exchange Commission over Foreign Corrupt Practices Act violations. Read 
 full article » 
 LEGAL ETHICS 
 NJ Atty Cops To Role In Short-Sale Mortgage Fraud 
 A New Jersey attorney on Friday copped to his role in a large-scale mortgage 
 fraud scheme that involved properties in Jersey City, Clifton, Union and 
 elsewhere and caused losses of millions of dollars, federal prosecutors 
 announced. Read full article » 
 HEALTH 
 Opioid Task Force Arrests 76 After Raid On Tribal Land 
 The U.S. Department of the Interior has announced 76 drug-related arrests 
 following a department-led undercover operation on North Carolina tribal 
 lands, marking the latest development in a federal initiative created to combat 
 the opioid crisis in Native American communities. Read full article » 
 SPORTS 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Levine Lee 
 Lewis Rice 
 Manatt Phelps 
 Mayer Brown 
 McCarter & English 
 McCune Wright 
 McDermott Will 
 McGuireWoods 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Munger Tolles 
 Murphy & McGonigle 
 Norton Rose Fulbright 
 O'Melveny & Myers 
 Orrick Herrington 
 Paul Hastings 
 Perkins Coie 
 Polsinelli 
 Proskauer Rose 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Robbins Russell 
 Robins Kaplan 
 Seyferth Blumenthal 
 Sidley Austin 
 Skadden 
 Sterne Kessler 
 Sullivan & Cromwell 
 Troutman Sanders 
 Vinson & Elkins 
 Williams & Connolly 
 Winston & Strawn 
 COMPANIES 
 21st Century Fox Inc. 
 AT&T Inc. 
 Abercrombie & Fitch 
 Altisource Portfolio Solutions SA 
 Amazon.com Inc. 
 American Bar Association 
 American Standard 
 Apple Inc. 
 Avaya Inc. 
 Bank of America Corporation 
 Bayer AG 
 CONCACAF 
 Charter Communications Inc. 
 Coinbase Inc. 
 Deutsche Bank AG 
 Fannie Mae 
 Federation Internationale de 
 Football Association 
 EFTA00032460
Ofc. (33) (0)1 43 12 22 14 
 Mob. (33) (0)6 13 36 16 86 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, December 4, 2020 8:29 PM 
 (CRM) To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: SDNY case 
 Hi S 
 (USANYS) 
 I hope you're doing well. Ghislaine Maxwell is filing a renewed bail application on Monday, and we expect that the 
 motion will raise issues relating to the possibility of extradition from France. Are you available for a call on Monday 
 for a few questions? I know we discussed this issue over the summer, and it would be very helpful to ask a few 
 follow up questions. 
 Thanks very much, 
 From: (CRM) 
 Sent: Wednesday, July 8, 2020 11:48 AM 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: SDNY case 
 My cell tt is: + 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, July 8, 2020 5:46 PM 
 To: (CRM) 
 Subject: Re: SDNY case 
 Thanks very much, 9 a.m. on Friday would be great. What number should I call? 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Jul 8, 2020, at 11:44 AM, (CRM) cz> wrote: 
 Sure thing. Friday looks pretty open for me. Would 9am or 9:30am work for you? 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, July 8, 2020 5:38 PM 
 To: (CRM) 
 Subject: Re: SDNY case 
 Hi 
 Do you have a moment this week for a quick call? I have a few questions about the extradition process in France 
 generally, and it would be helpful to discuss. 
 EFTA00031966
Prosecutors Want $55M Restitution For Soccer Bribe Convicts 
 Federal prosecutors have told a New York federal court that two South 
 American soccer bosses convicted of bribery-related charges as part of the 
 wider FIFA corruption investigation should pay their victims nearly $55 million 
 in restitution, plus a percentage of their salaries and some investigation 
 costs. Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Feature 
 Up Next At High Court: Justices Kick Off Term Short-Staffed 
 The U.S. Supreme Court will be one member short when it comes in session 
 Monday morning to hear a handful of cases being closely followed by 
 environmental and employment lawyers after sexual assault claims derailed 
 D.C. Circuit Judge Brett Kavanaugh's hopes for a speedy confirmation. Read 
 full article » 
 FBI Investigating Kavanaugh Allegations After Panel Vote 
 The FBI over the weekend started an investigation into the allegations of 
 sexual assault against D.C. Circuit Judge Brett Kavanaugh, following a 
 Senate Judiciary Committee vote Friday that advanced his Supreme Court 
 nomination to the full Senate. Read full article » 
 Feature 
 Rocket-er Docket: Mass. IP Case Sees 2 Trials In 6 Months 
 Court watchers have been left marveling at the rapid pace of an intellectual 
 property dispute between a pair of Massachusetts 3D printing rivals, which 
 raced to trial in less than four months this summer and saw a second trial 
 between the two end Thursday. Read full article » 
 Calif. High Court Approves Updates To State Bar Rules 
 The California Supreme Court on Friday approved a final version of its new 
 Rules of Professional Conduct, which are set to go into effect in November, 
 including a major update to a provision governing how attorneys can counsel 
 clients regarding potentially criminal activity. Read full article » 
 Manatt Can't Dodge Recruiter's $335K Trial Win, Panel Says 
 A California appeals court on Friday affirmed a jury's finding that Manatt 
 Phelps & Phillips LLP must pay a legal recruiter 5335,000 for connecting the 
 firm with its managing partner-elect, ruling that substantial evidence backed 
 the jury's verdict. Read full article )> 
 Ex -King & Spalding Atty Aims To Block Lawyer's Lien Bid 
 A former King & Spalding LLP associate, who has accused the firm of ousting 
 him after he aired ethical concerns, said in a brief filed Friday in New York 
 federal court that his onetime attorney has no right to a piece of any future 
 settlement, asserting that the attorney cannot show good cause for his 
 withdrawal. Read full article » 
 Ex -Armstrong Teasdale Atty Wants Bias Suit Revived 
 A former Armstrong Teasdale LLP partner has asked the Eighth Circuit to 
 revive his Missouri federal age bias suit against the firm, arguing a ruling that 
 ended an earlier state suit shouldn't block his claims under the federal Age 
 Discrimination in Employment Act. Read full article » 
 Law Schools Need Admission Overhaul For Diversity: Report 
 A research and policy institute that focuses on legal education has unveiled a 
 new report that recommends concrete changes law schools can make in 
 order to help diversify the still disproportionately white legal industry, saying 
 that law schools currently contribute to the profession's overall lack of racial 
 diversity. Read full article » 
 Golden State Warriors 
 Google Inc. 
 HSN, Inc. 
 Helsinn Healthcare SA 
 Henry Schein Inc. 
 Intercontinental Exchange Inc. 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 Janus Henderson Group PLC 
 Merck & Co Inc. 
 Monsanto Co. 
 Morgan Stanley 
 NBCUniversal Inc. 
 NFL Enterprises LLC 
 National Basketball Association 
 Nestle 
 Oakland Raiders 
 Ocwen Financial Corporation 
 PHH Corporation 
 Panasonic Corporation 
 PepsiCo Inc. 
 Petrobras 
 Pfizer Inc. 
 PhRMA 
 Platinum Partners LP 
 Prime Inc. 
 Robert Half International Inc. 
 SBM Offshore NV 
 Scientific Games Corp. 
 State Bar of California 
 Stolt-Nielsen SA 
 Stryker Corp. 
 Tampa Bay Buccaneers 
 Teva Pharmaceutical Industries 
 Limited 
 The Walt Disney Co. 
 Trump Organization Inc. 
 Tween Brands Inc. 
 Twitter Inc. 
 U.S. Chamber of Commerce 
 Wayfair LLC 
 Weyerhaeuser Co. 
 World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. 
 ZTE Corp. 
 eBay Inc. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Bureau of Indian Affairs 
 California Supreme Court 
 Commodity Futures Trading 
 Commission 
 Consumer Financial Protection 
 Bureau 
 EFTA00032461
Feature 
 GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week 
 Technology giants said they'd embrace new federal privacy legislation in the 
 wake of headline-grabbing data misuse scandals, and the U.S. Supreme 
 Court is poised to start a new session that could see the justices tackle a 
 growing circuit split on whether federal anti-discrimination law protects gay 
 and transgender workers. Read full article » 
 Feature 
 The Top In-House Hires Of September 
 New York Stock Exchange owner Intercontinental Exchange Inc. tapped a 
 former McKenna Long & Aldridge LLP attorney as its next general counsel, 
 and the new Fox company has picked a Kirkland & Ellis LLP partner to be its 
 legal boss. Here, Law360 looks at some of September's top in-house hires 
 and promotions. Read full article » 
 In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360 
 For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, stories and 
 expert analyses that generated the most buzz on Law360 last week. Read 
 full article » 
 Podcast 
 Law360's Pro Say: Kavanaugh Showdown On Capitol Hill 
 All eyes were on Capitol Hill this week for a pivotal hearing on Dr. Christine 
 Blasey Ford's allegations of sexual assault against U.S. Supreme Court 
 nominee Brett Kavanaugh. On this week's Pro Say podcast, we unpack the 
 whole chaotic week of news. Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 ASSOCIATE - CORPORATE (BOSTON, 
 MA OFFICE) 
 McCarter & English. LLP 
 Boston. Massachusetts 
 Labor & Employment Associate (Newark, 
 NJ Office) 
 McCarter & English, LLP 
 Newark. New Jersey 
 Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians 
 European Union 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Fish and Wildlife Service 
 Food and Drug Administration 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Census Bureau 
 U.S. Department of Health and 
 Human Services 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of Labor 
 U.S. Department of the Interior 
 U.S. House of Representatives 
 U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 
 U.S. Senate 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 United States District Court for the 
 Eastern District of Pennsylvania 
 Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive futon emails of this sort. 
 you may unsubscnbe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call + I -646-781.7ICO or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360 I Ponfolio Media. Inc, Ill West 19th Street. Sth Floor. New Yoh. NY 10011 
 EFTA00032462
From: ' (USANYS)"
 To: M"INIS.1YS raIMIIII(USANYS)" 
 (USANYS)" 
 Subject: RE: private and confidential 
 Date: Wed, 14 Jul 2021 15:10:35 +0000 
 is not responding to the email, so 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Wednesday, July 14, 2021 10:24 AM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) e> 
 Subject: RE: private and confidential 
 On that question, 
 (USANYS) 
 <
 From: (USANYS) e) 
 Sent: Wednesday, July 14, 2021 10:22 AM 
 To: (USANYS) <> 
 Cc: 
 (USANYS) ; 
 (USANYS)
 Subject: Re: private and confidential 
 On Jul 14, 2021, at 10:18 AM, (USANYS)<E> wrote: 
 Thanks. (It's also strange because 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Wednesday, July 14, 2021 10:12 AM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS); (USANYS) 
 Subject: Re: private and confidential 
 c M> 
 Our thoughts exactly. As noted below, is not going to reply, but wanted you to be aware of this nonetheless. 
 On Jul 13, 2021, at 7:36 PM, 
 Interesting, particularly since 
 (USANYS) < > wrote: 
 EFTA00032463
From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Tuesday, July 13, 2021 7:22 PM 
 To: (USANYS). 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: Fwd: private and confidential 
 FYSA. 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: " 
 Date: July 13, 2021 at 7:17:35 PM EDT 
 To: "-(USANYS)" < >, (USANYS)" 
 Cc: ' 
 (USANYS)" < 
 Subject: FW: private and confidential 
 (USANYS) < 
 Following up on our conversation this afternoon, the email I mentioned is below. I also spoke with (and 
 I would have looped you in too but I know you're traveling), and she said that
 -
 Given 
 that, as well as the fact of the unit's separate investigatio 
 thanks again, 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, July 13, 2021 12:30 
 To: 
 Subject: private and confidential 
 Dear -
 My name S I served as Director of Central Intelligence from 1993 to 1995. 
 i believe the issue of child trafficking is extremely important. who broke open the Epstein 
 case, in July 2010 (see Daily Beast 6 part series- 2010-2015), has information she would like to provide to you. 
 Can she call you? 
 Sincerely, 
 EFTA00032464
From: Laura Menninger <Imenninger(uhinflawcom> 
 To: " y" , " )" 
 (USANYS)" 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaghinflavv.com>, "Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP 
 (ceverdellgcohengresser.com)" <ceverdellgcohengresser.com>, 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' 
 <bcstemheimgmac.com> 
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential 
 materials, scenes 
 Date: Fri, 02 Apr 2021 21:35:30 +0000 
 Inline-Images: image001.jpg 
 Thank you for your email. Your proposal is largely acceptable to us, with the following modifications and clarifications. 
 • For the items that you propose below to exclude from the evidence transported to 500 Pearl Street (with the 
 exception of the cash held at 26 Federal Plaza), we will need to have access for a lawyer, investigator and paralegal 
 to inspect and photograph those items at the Bronx warehouse. This seems to include the bulky items, electronic 
 devices and "fragile" items. 
 o Once they are photographed and shared with the team and our client, we can decide whether a separate 
 inspection by our client and/or any expert is necessary at a later time. To be clear, the government's photos 
 of these same items are insufficient. 
 o If there are any items we are not permitted to photograph (and perhaps you will be able to tell us by April 5 
 which those are), we likely will need to have those transported because there is no way for our client to 
 inspect the evidence. We can wait to finalize this issue until you have finished deciding what items you 
 consider non-photographable, and if we can't agree, then discuss next steps. 
 o Please let us know when these "non-transportable" items can be inspected and photographed at the Bronx 
 warehouse. It makes sense that it would be done soon so that we can raise any issues as necessary with the 
 Court. 
 • For playing any of the electronic media, we will obtain the necessary equipment to play at 500 Pearl Street and 
 seek permission to bring those devices into the Courthouse. You can segregate out the section of recordings that 
 contain "witness statements" and advise us then which ones cannot be played, but we still need to inspect the 
 outside of those recordings. 
 • As far as space, can you please advise whether the largest proffer room will be available for review of evidence? It 
 is my understanding that it can accommodate a large number of the team members at one time. If not, is a locked 
 courtroom available for us to review the evidence? The agents could bring out a limited number of boxes at a time 
 for inspection. 
 • We understand that the evidence will not be taken outside of the monitoring of the agents or your staff and 
 appreciate that you will have a separate room for us to consult with our client privately (without the evidence). 
 • We understand that all of the highly confidential materials, including not only the 2,100 images not previously 
 disclosed as well as the electronic images that were only shown to NY counsel and the client at the MDC, will be 
 available for review on a singular laptop at 500 Pearl Street. 
 • We also understand the 7 hard-copy highly confidential materials will also be available for inspection at 500 Pearl 
 Street. 
 Please let me know if you have any questions or disagree with my understanding. If you agree, we can then proceed as 
 scheduled on April 12 and continue day to day until we are finished, with a break if necessary for the arraignment. 
 Laura A. Henninger I Partner 
 Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 
 150 E. 10th Avenue I Denver, CO 80203 
 EFTA00032465
+I 303 831 7364 (Office) 
 Imenninger@hmflaw.com 
 From: 
 Sent: Saturday, March 27, 2021 4:38 PM 
 To: Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>; 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengressercom) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> 
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 > 
 Counsel, 
 Thank you for your email. Below please find our response. If this is acceptable to you, then we will proceed with 
 arranging the logistics of having your client produced to 500 Pearl the week of April 12th and the week April 19th. We will 
 also arrange for the FBI to transport evidence to 500 Pearl for review the week of April 12th. 
 Physical Evidence 
 • It is not reasonable or feasible to insist that the FBI bring all physical evidence to 500 Pearl Street. That said, we are 
 certainly willing to work with you to ensure that your client can review any physical items that are material to the 
 preparation of her defense. 
 • We would propose excluding the below items from production to 500 Pearl: 
 o We appreciate your note that the massage tables are not needed, which will certainly help with the logistics 
 of transport. 
 o We also appreciate your indication that the cash items from 26 Federal Plaza do not need to be produced. 
 Those are the only items not located in the Bronx warehouse. 
 o The FBI has seized dozens of electronic devices, including desktop computers, servers, and laptops, from 
 Jeffrey Epstein's residences in 2019. Photographs of those devices were produced in our August 2020 
 productions as part of the search warrant photographs, and you have received copies of the data that was 
 seized from those devices pursuant to a warrant. The production of these devices would be very 
 cumbersome, and we do not see any value in looking at an electronic device that cannot be turned on. 
 o The framed pictures are bulky and cumbersome to transport. These are also very delicate and are difficult 
 to transport. Photographs of those seized images were already provided to you as part of the photographs 
 from the searches of Epstein's residences. 
 o Certain items seized from the New York residence are bulky, fragile, and/or difficult to transport. These 
 include plaster busts of female torsos and a stuffed dog. Photographs of these items were already provided 
 to you from the search of the New York residence. 
 • The remaining physical items of evidence would fit into approximately 15 to 20 boxes. The FBI has indicated that it 
 would be feasible to transport those boxes to 500 Pearl Street. 
 • Regarding your request for equipment that can play the recordings, we believe they would require a VCR, a cassette 
 player, a CD player, an adapter for a micro VHS tape, and a microcassette player. If you wish to play these 
 recordings at 500 Pearl, you will need to provide that equipment. We have asked the FBI whether any other 
 equipment would be necessary and will let you know if that is the case prior to the date of your review. It is our 
 understanding that any recordings that are not witness statements and that are not highly confidential have been 
 produced to you in discovery. We are not aware of any discoverable, non-highly confidential, recordings that were 
 not produced to you as part of the Government's discovery productions in the fall. To confirm that understanding, 
 we are working with the FBI to physically doublecheck each recording. If we identify any discoverable recordings 
 that have not already been produced, we will promptly provide them to you. 
 EFTA00032466
• The segregation of highly confidential material will require the FBI and an AUSA to physically review each item to 
 confirm the item's status. We will endeavor to do so by your requested date of April 5, 2021. 
 • We can confirm that neither the AUSA(s) nor the agent(s) will record or attempt to record any part of the evidence 
 review or conversations among the defense team or with the defendant during this review. Although the evidence 
 cannot be left outside of the presence of an agent, we will ensure that a room is available for the defense team and 
 the defendant to confer privately away from the agent(s) and the AUSA(s) without monitoring. 
 • As for your request for a space large enough to fit 8 members of the defense team, the defendant, an agent, an 
 AUSA, and the evidence, my office cannot control the space that the Marshals allow us to use at 500 Pearl outside 
 of the proffer rooms. We will certainly request as large a space as possible, but if we are required to use the 
 proffer rooms, then members of the defense team may need to rotate in and out of the room. I know members of 
 the defense team have been in those proffer rooms before, and they can hopefully provide some thoughts on how 
 we might use the proffer room space effectively for your purposes. If the Court grants authorization for the 
 defense to bring electronic devices into 500 Pearl, that is certainly fine with the Government, and you may note our 
 consent in your request to Judge Nathan for such authorization. 
 Highly Confidential Electronic Images 
 • The 2,100 electronic images were recovered during the responsiveness review of images and videos seized from 
 Jeffrey Epstein's devices, which review was not complete until early November 2020. We indicated on page 4 the 
 cover letter to our November 9, 2020 production, which included all other images and videos from those devices, 
 that "the Federal Bureau of Investigation ('FBI') seized multiple nude and partially nude images from several for the 
 above -listed electronic devices. All such images have been designated Highly Confidential. The FBI will make these 
 images available for review by the defense upon request." We did not receive a request from the defense to review 
 these images until your March 8, 2021 letter, which requested to "view and inspect all materials designated by your 
 office as 'Highly Confidential' under the terms of the Protective Order". 
 • We did not ask the FBI to bring the 7 hard copy images to the MDC in the fall because we did not understand you to 
 be requesting a review of physical, non-electronic evidence during those meetings. Our understanding of the 
 defense request at that time was to review the electronic highly confidential images that were recovered from CDs 
 from Epstein's residence. We will ensure that the 7 hard copy images are available to you for review at 500 Pearl. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew% Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: Laura Men ninger <imenninger@hmflaw.com>
 Sent: Monday, March 22, 2021 5:19 PM 
 To: 
 ) ; ) 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 All, 
 EFTA00032467
We have considered your proposal. Unfortunately, it does not permit us an adequate ability to review the evidence in the 
 case and does not permit our client to meaningfully participate in her own defense. 
 First, we are unable to meaningfully review the evidence without the benefit of our laptops and other electronic devices 
 which are needed to take notes of our review. We also need access to our devices during the review to compare the 
 physical evidence with the electronic discovery and with our work product. 
 Second, we need to provide our client the ability to review all discovery, including any recordings, in order to assist in her 
 own defense. Presuming that she will not be taken to the FBI downtown office, then your proposal offers no means by 
 which she can both inspect a recording in its physical form and listen to the recording at the same time. 
 In order to address the deficiencies in your proposal, we believe the following are necessary: 
 Physical Evidence 
 • All of the physical evidence currently located in the FBI Bronx warehouse will be transported to 500 Pearl Street 
 and made available during the week of April 12, with our client present, in a room sufficiently large to 
 accommodate 8 attorneys and investigators. 
 o We do not need the "bulky" massage tables transported; if there are any other extremely large evidence 
 pieces, let us know what they are and we can consider whether we can have someone review and 
 photograph those at the Bronx warehouse at an earlier time. 
 o From your email, it appears that only two items are not located at the Bronx warehouse — both envelopes 
 with cash. Please confirm this. We do not need the two "cash" evidence items transported to 500 Pearl. 
 o If there are other evidence items housed somewhere other than the Bronx, please let us know what they are 
 and where they are. 
 • We will be permitted to bring our laptops, and a camera, into 500 Pearl Street; we are happy to seek permission 
 from Judge Nathan to do so. 
 • Either the FBI can provide the equipment necessary to listen to any of the recordings at 500 Pearl Street or we can 
 bring the necessary equipment. If we are to provide the equipment, we will need to know in advance the formats 
 of each recording so that we can be prepared. You can note that on your Excel spreadsheet by the item number by 
 March 29 to give us adequate time to secure the necessary equipment. 
 • The FBI can segregate any physical evidence that you deem "highly confidential." You can identify any "highly 
 confidential" physical evidence items on your Excel spreadsheets by April 5 (one week before the evidence view). If 
 we need to photograph or reproduce any such item for expert evaluation, we will seek leave of court. Otherwise, 
 we will not photograph any such items during the review during the week of April 12. This will ensure the evidence 
 review proceeds smoothly and there will not be any need to ask permission to photograph on an item by item 
 basis. 
 • The FBI also can segregate any recordings which we will be able to inspect, but not listen to, during the evidence 
 view the week of April 12. You can note such designation on your Excel spreadsheet. If we disagree, we can seek 
 leave of the Court in advance. 
 • We understand that an FBI Agent and/or AUSA may be present during our physical evidence review at 500 Pearl 
 Street but of course must ensure that no recordings are made of our conversations and also ensure that there is a 
 separate, secure room in which we can confer with our client during the evidence view without monitoring by the 
 government. 
 • Please confirm whether all electronic recordings (other than the highly-confidential images and videos described 
 below) have previously been produced to us, and if not, please explain which ones were not produced by the 
 discovery deadlines last fall and why. 
 Highly Confidential Electronic Evidence 
 • Can you please explain why 2,100 + 7 "highly confidential" images have not been shared with us yet? It was our 
 understanding that you previously provided all "highly confidential" images to our client — and to defense counsel —
 for review at the MDC in November. We are confused about where these previously undisclosed items were 
 located and why they have not yet been made available for inspection and review. 
 • During the week of April 19, Ms. Maxwell should be produced to 500 Pearl Street to review (with counsel and a 
 defense staff member, on the 1 laptop provided) all of the 5,507 electronic images and video marked "highly 
 EFTA00032468
confidential". These should be segregated into the three categories you describe (never-before produced, 
 previously produced, and the 7 hard-copy images). 
 Please let us know if you will not agree to any of these steps so that we can address the issues with the Court. 
 Thank you. 
 Laura A. Henninger I Partner 
 Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 
 150 E. 10th Avenue I Denver, CO 80203 
 +1 303 831 7364 (Office) 
 Imenninger(Ounflaw.com 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 16, 2021 4:40 PM 
 To: Laura Menninger <Imenninp,er@hmflaw.com>;
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>• Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengressercom>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 All, 
 Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI's custody, as well as a corresponding 
 discovery cover letter. We are sending a copy of these files to the MDC for your client as well. 
 In response to your questions, the FBI has informed me of the following: 
 Regarding the Highly Confidential nude/partially nudge images to be reviewed at 500 Pearl: 
 • There are three categories of these images: 
 o Approximately 2,100 electronic images and videos seized from Epstein's electronic devices (which have not 
 been previously provided to you) 
 o Approximately 3,400 electronic images from discs seized from Epstein's residences in 2019 (which have 
 previously been provided to you and your client for review at the MDC) 
 o Approximately 7 hard copy nude images located in the file from the FBI Florida office's investigation of 
 Epstein (which have not been previously provided to you) 
 • The FBI will make all three of those categories available to you. The electronic files will be provided on hard drives, 
 and the FBI will provide you with the hard copy images for review as well. 
 o All electronic images should be viewable as thumbnails, except those seized from Apple devices, which must 
 be viewed using Cellebrite. 
 o The Cellebrite software will be provided on the drive for your review of images and videos seized from Apple 
 devices. 
 o The electronic files have the same metadata on the hard drive that was available when the FBI seized each 
 image. For images that were carved or deleted, no metadata was recovered, so none is viewable. For all 
 other images, the metadata recovered should be viewable on the hard drive. 
 o The approximately 2,100 electronic images and videos seized from Epstein's devices are separated by folder 
 to indicate which device each image was seized from. 
 • Because these images are considered obscene material, the FBI is not permitted to make duplicates of them, and 
 there is a limited number of clean laptops on which these images can be reviewed. As a result, the FBI is only able 
 to provide a single laptop for review of these images. 
 Regarding the physical evidence: 
 • Attached are two lists of all physical items in the FBI's custody relating to this case. The first list relates to items 
 associated with the FBI Florida office's investigation of Epstein. The second list relates to items associated with the 
 FBI New York office's current investigation. 
 EFTA00032469
• The vast majority of physical evidence in the FBI's custody is located at the FBI's warehouse in the Bronx. Two 
 items (1B 77 & 1B 79) are located at 26 Federal Plaza, but the case agents can check those items out from 26 
 Federal Plaza and bring them to the Bronx warehouse on whatever day you choose to conduct your review so that 
 you will have all evidence in one place. 
 • The FBI is able to arrange for the defense team to review all physical evidence at the Bronx warehouse under the 
 following conditions: 
 o The warehouse requires at least two weeks' notice in order to pull all of the items for the entire case and 
 place them in a location where a large group of people can view them. 
 o The warehouse is open during normal business hours between 9am and 5pm on weekdays. 
 o At least two FBI agents and an AUSA will be present at the Bronx warehouse to assist and answer questions. 
 o The evidence will be placed in a loading dock at the warehouse to provide additional space for the review. 
 To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team intend 
 to be physically present for this review. 
 o Electronic devices such as cellphones and laptops are not permitted in the warehouse. The defense team 
 may bring a digital camera that is not connected to the Internet or a cellular network into the warehouse. If 
 the defense team wishes to photograph an item of evidence, the defense will need to inform the agents who 
 are present, so that they may confirm that the photographed item is not Highly Confidential based on the 
 presence of nudity. 
 o Electronic media such as VHS tapes, cassette tapes, and CDs will not be playable at the warehouse. 
 • To the extent the defense requests that the FBI bring any physical items to 500 Pearl Street for your client to review, 
 the FBI is prepared to bring items that are reasonably sized to 500 Pearl Street. With respect to bulky or large 
 items, the defense team should be able to photograph those for your client to review, unless they are deemed 
 Highly Confidential, in which case the FBI can make arrangements to transport the item to 500 Pearl Street if 
 necessary. 
 • The FBI is in the process of confirming that it can provide devices to play all of the electronic media in the case in a 
 single location at the FBI's offices in downtown Manhattan. We are also double-checking to confirm that all media 
 that does not contain witness statements have already been produced to you and your client in discovery. The FBI 
 anticipates that we can arrange for you to review all non-witness statement electronic media at the FBI's office in 
 downtown Manhattan in approximately three weeks. 
 o To the extent you wish to review all of the discs containing photographs, which were seized from Epstein's 
 residences in 2019, we note that all of those images have already been produced to you in discovery. For 
 your awareness, the FBI has informed me that it took their team several weeks to review all of the images on 
 all of those discs. 
 Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew% Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, March 15, 2021 6:00 PM 
 To: 'Laura Menninger' <Imenningehmflaw.com>•
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser com) 
 EFTA00032470
Thanks very much, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 One Saint Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 Sent from my tPhone 
 On Jul 8, 2020, at 11:21 AM, (CRM) c› wrote: 
 I am putting you in touch with who is working the Maxwell/Epstein matter in SDNY. 
 She has some questions about the probably of extraditing someone from France who has dual 
 US/French citizenship. 
 Thx, 
 EFTA00031967
<ceverdell@cohengresser.com>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Laura, 
 I expect to be able to answer all of your questions about the evidence review by tomorrow. 
 We have been looking into the discovery request you made last week, and we hope to have a response ready to provide 
 to you by next week. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 I St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>
 Sent: Monday, March 15, 2021 3:01 PM 
 To: 
 ) 
 >; 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>• Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Now that the FBI team is back, when do you expect to have answers to all of the questions posed? If I had an idea of 
 when you would have answers, it could help me answer your question. 
 At a minimum, it would not seem to take too much time to know when someone can open the FBI vault and allow the 
 attorneys to make an initial view of the evidence. Also, I understand the FBI did not prepare an inventory of their 
 evidence when they seized it from NY and LSJ, so I don't think we need to wait for them to now prepare an inventory 
 before we start reviewing evidence. 
 Also, when do you believe you will have a response regarding the discovery I requested last Monday? 
 Thanks, 
 Laura 
 Laura A. Henninger I Partner 
 Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 
 150 E. 10th Avenue I Denver, CO 80203 
 +1 303 831 7364 (Office) 
 lmenninger@lunflaw.cona 
 EFTA00032471
From: 
 Sent: Friday, March 12, 2021 11:44 AM 
 To: Laura Menninger <Imenningehmflaw.com>;
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 1 
 Counsel, 
 The FBI team on this case has been out of the office this week and will not be able to answer all of the questions you 
 asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
 until all of those questions can be answered to schedule a day for your client to be brought to 500 Pearl Street to review 
 the highly confidential images. My understanding is that the FBI is able to provide at least one laptop containing those 
 highly confidential images in time for such a review to take place on Thursday 5/18, but I may not have the answers to all 
 of your questions about those images before that date, and I do not know whether you will also be able to visit the 
 evidence vault that same week. 
 Please let me know how you would like to proceed. I will reach back out once I have answers to your questions. 
 Thank you, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 I St. Andrew% Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 4:56 PM 
 c > 
 To: Laura Menninger <Imenningehmflaw.com>; ;
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com 
 <ceverdell@cohengresseccom>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 That is the only excel spreadsheet indexing physical evidence that we have produced in discovery. That spreadsheet does 
 not include every physical item currently in the FBI's custody related to this case. For example, the August 20, 2020 
 discovery production also included search warrant returns listing the physical items seized by the FBI's New York Office 
 during the 2019 searches of Jeffrey Epstein's residences in New York and the U.S Virgin Islands (see Bates range 
 SDNY_GM_00166007-SDNY_GM_00166043), but they are not contained in a spreadsheet. 
 As a courtesy, I have asked the FBI whether it would be possible to provide us with a similar excel index reflecting the 
 physical evidence seized by the FBI's New York Office, though it may take some time to compile such an index. 
 Best, 
 EFTA00032472
Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew% Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>
 Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 3:44 PM 
 To: ) -)<Ma 
 (USANYS) <I=> 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>: Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Thank you. Is that the only index of physical evidence available? 
 Laura A. Menninger I Partner 
 Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 
 150 E. 10th Avenue I Denver, CO 80203 
 +1 303 831 7364 (Office) 
 Imenninger@hmflaw.com 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 20211:38 PM 
 To: Laura Menninger <Imenningehmflaw.com>:
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresseccom>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Counsel, 
 In advance of our call tomorrow, I wanted to send a copy of the attached index of physical items in FBI custody from the 
 FBI -Miami office, which we previously produced to you as part of our August 21, 2020 discovery production. Also 
 included in that August 21, 2020 production were scans of numerous items listed on the index. Those scans can be found 
 within Bates range SDNY_GM_00172218-SDNY_GM_00173007. It may be useful to reference some of those items during 
 our conversation tomorrow, so I wanted to make sure you were aware of them. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032473
From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 2:03 PM 
 To: 'Laura Menninger' <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>•
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca(ahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Yes, that works for us, thank you very much. We can use the below dial-in: 
 Dial -in: 
 Code: 
 Best, 
 From: Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>
 Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 11:19 AM 
 To: 
 ) ) 
 (USANYS)
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Good morning, 
 We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET/ 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
 suggest another later time if not. 
 Thank you, 
 Laura 
 Laura A. Menninger I Partner 
 Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 
 150 E. 10th Avenue I Denver, CO 80203 
 +1 303 831 7364 (Office) 
 Imenninger@hmflaw.com 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 8:36 AM 
 To: Laura Menninger <Imenningehmflaw.com>;
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca(ahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 c M> 
 Good morning, 
 It would be helpful to have a call to discuss the requests contained in this letter. Are there times tomorrow when you 
 would be available to speak, please? 
 EFTA00032474
Thank you, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: Laura Menninger <Imenningej@hmflaw.com>
 Sent: Monday, March 8, 20212:03 PM 
 To: >; 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>• Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>. '8O88I C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Counsel — 
 Please see attached correspondence. 
 -Laura 
 Laura A. Menninger 
 Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. 
 150 East 10th Avenue 
 Denver, Colorado 80203 
 Main 303.831.7364 FX 303.832.2628 
 Imenningerahmflaw.com 
 www.hmflaw.com 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail transmission, and any documents, files or previous e-mail messages 
 attached to it may contain information that is confidential or legally privileged. If you are not the intended 
 recipient, or a person responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you 
 must not read this transmission and that any disclosure, copying, printing, distribution or use of any of the 
 information contained in or attached to this transmission is STRICTLY PROHIBITED. If you have received this 
 transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
 transmission and its attachments without reading or saving it in any manner. Thank you. 
 EFTA00032475
From: 
 To: 
 alMIE >
 II • 
 Subject: RE: LA witnesses 
 Date: Thu, 22 Jul 2021 16:07:46 +0000 
 Attachments: 
 Just gave you the binder, but if you ever want an electronic version, the pdf portfolio is attachecl 
 From: I <-I> 
 Sent: Wednesday, July 21, 2021 6:14 PM 
 To: 
 < 1. ›; 
 Subject: LA witnesses 
 Hi all, 
 MI and I are heading to Los Angeles in late August to prep with a number of trial witnesses in the Maxwell case. In 
 advance of the trip, I'm going to begin drafting q&as, and it would be super helpful to have a binder with some 
 information about two of the witnesses. When you can, could someone please put together a binder with all witness 
 interview notes and 302s for the following two witnesses? Thanks so much. No labels on the binders needed — just tabs 
 with dates of interviews would be great (e.g., M., 7-6-19 interview). 
 • 
 • 
 These materials should be in their 3500 folders. 
 Thanks! 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032476
From: ' 
 Subject: FW: Voicemail from Congresswoman Frankel 
 Date: Wed, 28 Jul 2021 00:11:19 +0000 
 Attachments: voicemail-837.m4a 
 HE— FYI, Congressman Lois Frankel from FL left a VM saying that Congress wants to look into the Epstein 
 case but one of the victim's lawyers said she should reach out to first. (Unclear how this would fit under her 
 current committee assignments on the Appropriations Committee and Veterans Affairs Committee...) My thought is that 
 this should be routed to OLA and they should handle the request/response in a more formal way; do you have a different 
 view? If you agree, who's the best person to reach out to? Thanks very much. 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, July 27, 2021 7:51 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: Voicemail from Congresswoman Frankel 
 This afternoon, I received the attached voicemail on my cellphone. Jack Scarola, who represents had 
 told me that someone from Congress had reached out to him about the Epstein case, and Jack said he'd provided them 
 with my cellphone number. 
 When would be a good time to discuss? 
 Thanks, 
 EFTA00032477
From: ' )" ctl 
 To: (USANYS)"  
 Subject 
 Date: Thu, 29 Jul 2021 21:18:44 +0000 
 https://www.nbcnews.cominews/us-news/how-british-teen-model-waslured-jeffrey-epstein-s-web-n 1056901 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032478
From: 
 To: (USANYS)" 
 'IMIll' 
 Subject: SDNY_GM_00000812-SDNY_GM_00000814.pdf 
 Date: Thu, 29 Jul 2021 21:19:08 +0000 
 Attachments: SDNY_GM_00000812-SDNY_GM_00000814.pdf 
 EFTA00032479
From: ' (USANYS)" •T 
 To: '
 .', 
 < 
 > 
 Cc: IMINIr 
 Subject: AUSA's 
 &I 
 London 10/20/20 
 Date: Fri, 02 Oct 2020 16:27:52 +0000 
 Importance: High 
 Attachments: London_10.12.20.pdf; MI-_London_10.12.20.pdf 
 Hi & 
 See the travel advisory below. 
 You should ASAP, send a brief email to the 
 for guidance about your request for their approval. 
 Include the PDF's attached here. 
 mailbox, giving EOUSA a heads up & asking 
 Mention that you will send the airfare shortly, as well as your intent to forward your travel authorizations to them via E2 
 shortly. 
 Foreign Travel Guidance During the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 State Department Travel Advisory 
 The Department of State has issued travel advisories to Level 4 (Do Not Travel) designated locations. They also advise to reconsider 
 travel abroad at this time due to the impact of COVID-19. Many areas throughout the world are experiencing outbreaks and are taking 
 actions that may limit traveler mobility, including quarantines and border restrictions. Even countries without reported cases of COVID-
 19 are taking measures and may restrict travel without notice. Please view the Department of State's Travel Advisory Webpage for the 
 most updated information. 
 Official Passports 
 Due to public health measures to limit the spread of COVID-19, effective immediately, the Department of States Special Issuance 
 Agency (SIA) are only offering service to issue passports for customers with a qualified life-or-death emergency with a need to be issued 
 a passport for international travel within 72 hours. SIA defines life-or-death as a serious illness, injury, or death in one's immediate family 
 (e.g., parent, sibling, aunt uncle, dependent, etc.). This means official passports will not be processed during this time until further 
 notice. If an employee without an official passport needs to complete essential international travel, and they have a valid tourist 
 passport, they must obtain approval from the host country via email to travel in their official capacity on a tourist 
 passport, and submit that approval with all of the usually required foreign travel documentation and approvals to 
 Fly America Act 
 Please email the mailbox if you have a safety related need to request an exception to the Fly America Act 
 If you have any additional questions or concerns regarding this matter, please contact the RMP Travel Staff 
 at 
 Original Message-----
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, October 1, 2020 3:03 PM 
 To: 
 ) 4c>
 Cc: 
 Subject: Travel 
 EFTA00032480
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: Accepted: Call w. SDNY re. USVI Epstein Litigation 
 Date: Mon, 07 Dec 2020 15:01:14 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00031968
Should we go ahead and book our travel at this point? If so, should we go through or is there someone 
 else we should contact? We have our dates set, so we can submit our paperwork now, but let us know if we should book 
 travel first. 
 Thanks so much, 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 EFTA00032481
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: Fwd: 
 Date: Fri, 09 Oct 2020 14:32:38 +0000 
 Attachments: 10-13-20.mht; ATT00001.htm; 10-13-2020_Argument_Calendar,_Courtroom_1703.mht; 
 ATT00002.htm; 10-13-2020_Motions_Calendar,_Courtoom_1703.tnht; ATT00003.htm 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: 
 Date: October 9, 2020 at 10:10:44 AM EDT 
 To: 
 (USANYS)' 
 (USANYS)" 
 SANYS " 
 EFTA00032482
<style> PrepeatFields,TheminderFietds,alinkFieldsikopyFields { display:btock!important 
 IttzFields o ttpermFields,estyleFietds,acatFieldsdielistFields o tkonflictFieldsitnotifyFietds,lreminderFietds,fteditorFietds,adisplayFieldsdicsFields,/tobgFieldsdiobFields, 
 ItotherFields ( display:block!important i< /style> 
 (Close X) 
 Argument Calendar, Courtroom 1703 
 Date: Tuesday, October 13, 2020 
 lime: 2:00pm 
 Venue 
 Courtroom 1703 
 Thurgood Marshall US Courthouse 
 40 Foley Square 
 New York, NY 10007 
 Tuesday, October 13, 2020, 2:00pm 
 Panel: Cabranes, Pooler, Raggi, CM. 
 Docket number Case name Time allotted 
 20-2413-cv (12) 
 v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
 Julie Brown, Miami Hearld Co., et al ] (12) 
 20-3061-cv United States of America 
 ) 
 v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
 ) 
 ) Time to be 
 shared. 
 EFTA00032483
From: ' 
 To:' 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 Date: Wed, 11 Dec 2019 15:38:06 +0000 
 Thanks] 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, December 11, 2019 10:01 
 To: 
 Cc: ) <  
 >; 
 >; 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 Approved 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, December 11, 2019 9:58 AM 
 To: 
 Cc: < 
 >; 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 S 
 ) 
 Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
 permission for the team to travel next week for an interview (or possibly interviews) in Los Angeles on December 16 
 and/or 17. We expect to be traveling, respectively, some combination of the 15th to the 18th. Also similar to prior trips, 
 we'd like to request approval to get a conference room for one of those days. 
 thank you, 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, November 05, 2019 16:53 
 To: 
 Cc: <1  
 ; 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 a 
 ) 
 Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
 permission for the team to travel next week for an interview in Los Angeles on November 14. We expect to be traveling, 
 respectively, some combination of the 13th to the 15th (and no conference room necessary for this trip). 
 thanks, 
 EFTA00032484
From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 13:55 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 >; 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 S 
 < 
 < 
 Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
 permission to travel next week for an interview in West Palm Beach on November 4. It will just be me and and 
 we'll travel some combination of the 3rd to the 5th. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a 
 conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
 thanks very much, 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, June 12, 2019 14:51 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 S 
 Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
 week for a victim interview in Los Angeles. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Wednesday and return no later 
 than Friday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). The trip will be some combination of me, M, 
 and/or as previously. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at 
 the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
 thanks very much, 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 14:57 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 S 
 Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
 three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly 
 down Tuesday night and return on Wednesday or Thursday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). 
 Unfortunately we're still trying to pin down timing for interviewing the victims, so depending on the timing it will either 
 be me and or and but we wanted to ask for permission now either way so we weren't doing it 
 EFTA00032485
super last minute after the holiday on Tuesday. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a 
 conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
 thanks very much, 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:57 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 Thank you 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:46 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: travel approval request 
 Approved 
 Sent from my iPad 
 On Apr 3, 2019, at 8:02 PM, 
 S 
 > 
 wrote: 
 For the same case as below, United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for 
 sexual activity, and I would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
 meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night and 
 return on Friday, though we will shorten the timeframe if scheduling allows. 
 Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, March 14, 2019 18:32 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: travel approval request 
 S 
 and I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
 investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, for two days of meetings and interviews in West Palm 
 Beach and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As of now we're hoping to fly down next Wednesday night and return on 
 Saturday. 
 Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
 EFTA00032486
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032487
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein calls 
 Date: Thu, 29 Aug 2019 14:52:36 +0000 
 "CI
 No problem—thanks very much for checking! 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, August 29, 2019 10:51 AM 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein calls 
 Sorry 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, August 29, 2019 10:47 AM 
 To: 
 ) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein calls 
 Thanks M. I had not received these. Will pass along to the rest of the team. 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, August 29, 2019 10:01 AM 
 To: 
 Subject: Epstein calls 
 I just want to be sure that you received all of these previous calls. 
 EFTA00032488
From: (USANYS)" c4 
 To: M"allialiS)"  
 Cc: (USANYS) 6" < 
 Subject: RE: call w SEC 
 Date: Thu, 08 Aug 2019 20:00:19 +0000 
 It 
 (USANYS)" 
 Okay, we can come to you. 
 From: (USANYS) <
 Sent: Thursday, August 8, 2019 3:05 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: a, (USANYS) 6 
 Subject: RE: call w SEC 
 We are on for 4;45 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Thursday, August 8, 2019 2:04 PM 
 To: MI (USANYS)
 Cc: (USANYS) 6 
 Subject: RE: call w SEC 
 (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) 
 I think one or both of us free for the next hour or so, and then again after about 4:30. 
 From: (USANYS) ‹> 
 Sent: Thursday, August 8, 2019 1:55 PM 
 To: (USANYS) (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 6 
 Subject: call w SEC 
 PCers, 
 SEC called again with some questions on their Epstein inquiry. They mainly want to continue to avoid anything that would 
 be problematic for the criminal case. We thought it would be easiest if some group of the 4 of us got on a call with them. 
 Do one or both of you have some availability this afternoon? 
 Thanks, 
 EFTA00032489
From: "-(USANYS)"  
 To: ' 
 It 
 ' " 
 Subject: RE: Epstein outside work 
 Date: Mon, 12 Aug 2019 13:53:33 +0000 
 10-4 
 From: ) c 
 Sent: Monday, August 12, 2019 9:53 AM 
 To: (USANYS) >, 
 Subject: RE: Epstein outside work 
 Still required for now, but will let you know if that changes — thanks. 
 From: (USANYS) <> 
 Sent: Monday, August 12, 2019 09:51 
 To: 
 l< 
 Subject: Epstein outside work 
 We have some outside vendors working on Epstein stuff. If that work is no longer required, let me know. 
 >; 
 EFTA00032490
Event: Accepted: Call w. SDNY re. USVI Epstein Litigation 
 Start Date: 2020-12-08 18:30:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2020-12-08 19:00:00 +0000 
 Location: 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Comment: 
 Date Created: 2020-12-07 19:54:57 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2020-12-07 19:54:57 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2020-12-07 15:01:14 +0000 
 Attendee: Singer, Linda 
 EFTA00031969
From: 
 To: '  
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 Date: Fri, 24 May 2019 20:01:08 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Thanks.— have a great weekend. 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 15:55 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: travel approval request 
 All approved. 
 Sent from my iPad 
 On May 24, 2019, at 2:57 PM, 
 S 
 > wrote: 
 Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
 three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly 
 down Tuesday night and return on Wednesday or Thursday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). 
 Unfortunately we're still trying to pin down timing for interviewing the victims, so depending on the timing it will either 
 be me and or and but we wanted to ask for permission now either way so we weren't doing it 
 super last minute after the holiday on Tuesday. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a 
 conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
 thanks very much, 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:57 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 Thank you 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:46 
 To: 
 Cc:
 Subject: Re: travel approval request 
 Approved 
 EFTA00032491
Sent from my iPad 
 On Apr 3, 2019, at 8:02 PM, 
 S 
 > wrote: 
 For the same case as below, United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for 
 sexual activity, and I would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
 for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night 
 and return on Friday, though we will shorten the timeframe if scheduling allows. 
 Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, March 14, 2019 18:32 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: travel approval request 
 S 
 and I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018801618, an 
 investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, for two days of meetings and interviews in West Palm 
 Beach and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As of now we're hoping to fly down next Wednesday night and return on 
 Saturday. 
 Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032492
From: ' 
 To: '  
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 Date: Fri, 24 May 2019 23:21:27 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 I have previously-scheduled travel to San Francisco next Thursday for a wedding, and the way our victims have asked 
 to schedule our meetings for our Florida trip, there's no flight back to New York after we expect the interviews to end on 
 Wednesday (so I couldn't get back to NYC to catch my Thursday morning flight). Is it permissible for me to just book the 
 second leg of the work trip straight to San Francisco, rather than back to New York? I'd have to take a 5:30 a.m. flight but 
 that way we could do the interviews with all the victims we'd like to meet with. Sorry for any inconvenience but wanted 
 to check — thank you! 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 16:01 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 Thanks 
 •- 
 have a great weekend. 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 15:55 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: travel approval request 
 All approved. 
 Sent from my iPad 
 On May 24, 2019, at 2:57 PM, 
 S 
 > 
 wrote: 
 Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
 three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly 
 down Tuesday night and return on Wednesday or Thursday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). 
 Unfortunately we're still trying to pin down timing for interviewing the victims, so depending on the timing it will either 
 be me and or and but we wanted to ask for permission now either way so we weren't doing it 
 super last minute after the holiday on Tuesday. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a 
 conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
 thanks very much, 
 EFTA00032493
From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:57 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 Thank you 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:46 
 To: 
 Cc: Ms; 
 Subject: Re: travel approval request 
 Approved 
 Sent from my iPad 
 On Apr 3, 2019, at 8:02 PM, 
 S 
 > wrote: 
 For the same case as below, United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for 
 sexual activity, and I would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
 for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night 
 and return on Friday, though we will shorten the timeframe if scheduling allows. 
 Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, March 14, 2019 18:32 
 To:  
 Cc: 
 Subject: travel approval request 
 S 
 and I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
 investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, for two days of meetings and interviews in West Palm 
 Beach and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As of now we're hoping to fly down next Wednesday night and return on 
 Saturday. 
 Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032494
From: 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 Date: Wed, 11 Dec 2019 15:01:03 +0000 
 Approved 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, December 11, 2019 9:58 AM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 > 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 S 
 > 
 >; >; 
 Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
 permission for the team to travel next week for an interview (or possibly interviews) in Los Angeles on December 16 
 and/or 17. We expect to be traveling, respectively, some combination of the 15th to the 18th. Also similar to prior trips, 
 we'd like to request approval to get a conference room for one of those days. 
 thank you, 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, November 05, 2019 16:53 
 To: 
 Cc: < 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 S 
 > 
 >; >; 
 Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
 permission for the team to travel next week for an interview in Los Angeles on November 14. We expect to be traveling, 
 respectively, some combination of the 13th to the 15th (and no conference room necessary for this trip). 
 thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 13:55 
 To: 
 Cc:  >:= 
 EFTA00032495
>; 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 a 
 Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
 permission to travel next week for an interview in West Palm Beach on November 4. It will just be me and and 
 we'll travel some combination of the 3rd to the 5th. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a 
 conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
 thanks very much, 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, June 12, 2019 14:51 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 S 
 Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
 week for a victim interview in Los Angeles. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Wednesday and return no later 
 than Friday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). The trip will be some combination of me, M, 
 and/or as previously. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at 
 the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
 thanks very much, 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 14:57 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 > 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 S 
 Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
 three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly 
 down Tuesday night and return on Wednesday or Thursday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). 
 Unfortunately we're still trying to pin down timing for interviewing the victims, so depending on the timing it will either 
 be me and or and but we wanted to ask for permission now either way so we weren't doing it 
 super last minute after the holiday on Tuesday. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a 
 conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
 thanks very much, 
 EFTA00032496
From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:57 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 Thank you 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:46 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 < >; 
 Subject: Re: travel approval request 
 Approved 
 Sent from my iPad 
 On Apr 3, 2019, at 8:02 PM, 
 S 
 > 
 wrote: 
 For the same case as below, United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for 
 sexual activity, and I would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
 meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night and 
 return on Friday, though we will shorten the timeframe if scheduling allows. 
 Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, March 14, 2019 18:32 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 c > 
 Subject: travel approval request 
 S 
 and I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
 investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, for two days of meetings and interviews in West Palm 
 Beach and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As of now we're hoping to fly down next Wednesday night and return on 
 Saturday. 
 Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032497
From: 
 To: "Adams, 
 3 ., 
 Subject: Meet re Epstein forfeiture 
 Date: Wed, 04 Dec 2019 19:04:06 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00032498
Event: Meet re Epstein forfeiture 
 Start Date: 2019-12-09 19:00:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2019-12-09 20:00:00 +0000 
 Organizer: ) 
 <■ 
 Location: AA office 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Date Created: 2019-12-04 23:56:37 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2019-12-04 23:56:37 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2019-12-04 19:04:04 +0000 
 Attendee: 
 > 
 Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
 Reminder 
 EFTA00032499
From: 
 Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein friend Ghislaine Maxwell under FBI investigation 
 Date: Fri, 27 Dec 2019 14:36:53 +0000 
 You're not the only one who noticed... 
 Ori inal Messa e 
 From: 
 Sent: Frida December 27, 2019 9:36 AM 
 To: 
 Subject: Jeffrey Epstein friend Ghislaine Maxwell under FBI investigation 
 https://www.cnbc.corn/2019/12/27/jeffrey-epstein-friend-ghislaine-maxwell-under-fbi-investigation.html 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 EFTA00032500
From 
 To 
 Subject: RE: quick question re: MCC stuff 
 Date: Tue, 27 Jul 2021 14:30:36 +0000 
 Sure, on my cell 
 From 
 Sent: Tuesda Jul 27 2021 10:13 AM 
 To 
 Subject: quick question re: MCC stuff 
 Hey I have a quick question for you re: MCC stuff and Epstein guards case, as it relates to Tartaglione. Let me 
 know when you have a second to chat. Thanks. 
 Deputy Chief, White Plains Division 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00031970
From: (USANYS)" <MIMIMIE> 
 To: 
 (USANYS)" 
 Cc: 1MILISYS)" alMINE>, 
 Subject: RE: sec 
 Date: Fri, 16 Aug 2019 13:36:39 +0000 
 (USANYS) 6" 
 Love it 
 From: (USANYS)
 Original Message 
 Sent: Frida , Au ust 16, 2019 9:26 AM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: SANYS)ala›; (USANYS) 6 
 Subject: Re: sec 
 Dude, I started my email by apologizing for the ping! 
 The SEC's failure to register as an IA case most continue! 
 Thx 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 > On Aug 16, 2019, at 9:23 AM, (USANYS) <MIMIMME> wrote: 
 > This fell down the priority list after, you know, he strangled himself the morning after our call. But may 
 have spoken to the team about it? If not we'll try to today. 
 > Sent from my iPhone 
 >> On Aug 16, 2019, at 9:19 AM, (USANYS) wrote: 
 » Guys, 
 >> Sony for the ping on this, but Sec called me about Epstein stuff. I think where we left off is you were going 
 to confirm that you hadn't seen anything in the records consistent with him investing other people's money. 
 >> Sent from my iPhone 
 EFTA00032501
From: (USANYS)"  
 To: (USANYS)"
 Subject: RE: Epstein 
 Date: Thu, 29 Nov 2018 20:53:39 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 I reached out and left a message — will let you know when we connect. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2018 3:27 PM 
 To: (USANYS)<> (USANYS) < 
 Cc: (USANYS) < >
 •L 
 (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein 
 I think you should reach out in the first instance and then have the GS call me. We will want to see how quickly they can 
 gather the FBI investigative file from the old case. We should think about whether there is an immediate subpoena we 
 should cut to stake claim? 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2018 3:14 PM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 Cc: (USANYS) < 
 Robert (USANYS) ca (USANYS) 
 Subject: Re: Epstein 
 Agreed. 
 On Nov 29, 2018, at 2:58 PM, (USANYS) > wrote:
 (USANYS)  >; Khuzami, 
 My view is that we should open on this today, and bring in FBI-NY's sex crimes squad. please let me know if you 
 want me to reach out to or if you prefer to call (the GS who overseas the squad). 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2018 2:53 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: Epstein 
 (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) 
 As discussed: https://www.miamiherald.cominews/local/article220097825.html 
 Chief Public Corruption Unit 
 United States Attorney's Office for the 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 t. 
 > 
 EFTA00032502
From: r <MIMIN> 
 To: "MalltiA.YS)"aralEir.,
 3 .1 
 Subject: Meet re: Epstein 
 Date: Fri, 28 Jun 2019 17:32:18 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00032503
Event: Meet re: Epstein 
 Start Date: 2019-06-28 19:30:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2019-06-28 20:00:00 +0000 
 Organizer: ) < 
 Location: Office 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Date Created: 2019-06-28 17:40:32 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2019-06-28 17:40:32 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2019-06-28 17:32:16 +0000 
 Attendee: (USANYS) < >; 
 >; Adams, ) 1 > 
 Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
 Reminder 
 EFTA00032504
U. S. Department of fustier 
 Federal Bureau of Prisons]
 Metropolitan Correctional enter 
 150 Park Row, New York, Y 
 August 10, 2019 
 MEMORANDUM FOR FILE 
 METROPOLITAN CORRECTIONAL CENTER 
 FROM: 
 SUBJECT: 
 nit Manager 
 Inmate Epstein, Jeffery Reg. No. 76318-054 
 This memorandum is in regards of inmate Epstein, Jeffery Reg. No. 76318-054. On 
 August 9, 2019, I spoke with inmate Epstein concerning him making a call to his family. I t Id 
 inmate Epstein I was leaving the facility around 7:00 p.m. Inmate Epstein agreed to shorten is 
 attorney visitation to make his social call. I escorted inmate Epstein to Special Housing Uni 
 around 7:00 p.m. I placed inmate Epstein in the shower on (G) Tier and escorted the phone or 
 him to make a social call. I placed the phone in the first jack to the left on G tier. Inmate Ep tein 
 explain to me that he didn't have his phone set up to use his Poe and Pin number. I asked • ate 
 Epstein who he was calling, he stated his mother. I remember dialing a number starting wit 347, 
 but the number was note notated. Inmate Epstein began talking on the phone. I told the sta to 
 end inmate Epstein's call after 15 minutes. They complied. 
 EFTA00032505
From: SAWS)" 
 To:'1 
 " 
 Subject: Prosecutors Broke Law In Epstein Plea Deal, Fla. Judge Says 
 Date: Fri, 22 Feb 2019 13:12:28 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 close 
 Prosecutors Broke Law In Epstein Plea Deal, Fla. Judge Says 
 By Carolina Bolado 
 Share us on: 
 Law360 (February 21, 2019, 5:58 PM EST) --
 Prosecutors, including then-U.S. Attorney and current 
 Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta, violated the 
 Crime Victims' Rights Act when they signed a non-
 prosecution agreement with billionaire sex offender 
 Jeffrey Epstein without notifying his victims, a 
 Florida federal judge ruled Thursday. 
 Prosecutors failed to comply with their obligations to 
 inform the victims of Jeffrey Epstein, shown in 2004, 
 that they intended to enter into an agreement not to 
 prosecute him, a judge said Thursday. (Getty) 
 U.S. District Judge Kenneth A. Marra granted 
 summary judgment to two Epstein victims who sued 
 the government over the deal and said federal 
 prosecutors failed to comply with their obligations 
 under the CVRA to inform Epstein's victims that they 
 intended to enter into an agreement not to prosecute 
 him. 
 The government's decision to hide its intentions and 
 to tell victims to just be patient with the investigation 
 was "particularly problematic," according to the 
 judge. 
 EFTA00032506
"When the government gives information to victims, 
 it cannot be misleading," Judge Marra said. "While 
 the government spent untold hours negotiating the 
 terms and implications of the NPA with Epstein's 
 attorneys, scant information was shared with victims. 
 Instead, the victims were told to be 'patient' while the 
 investigation proceeded." 
 Judge Marra rejected the government's claim that the 
 CVRA requires victims to be notified only of a plea 
 bargain or a deferred prosecution agreement, both of 
 which are more common than a non-prosecution 
 agreement, according to the opinion. But that reading 
 of the law is "inconsistent with the goal of the 
 CVRA," the judge said. 
 "The expansive context of the CVRA lends itself to 
 only one interpretation; namely, that victims should 
 be notified of significant events resulting in 
 resolution of their case without a trial," Judge Marra 
 said. 
 The ruling is a big win for the two Epstein victims, 
 listed as Jane Does, who sued the government in 
 2008 alleging the U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
 Southern District of Florida violated the CVRA with 
 the Epstein deal. 
 The CVRA grants crime victims a number of rights, 
 including the right to be informed of public court 
 proceedings and not to be excluded from those 
 proceedings. The Miami Herald, in an investigative 
 report published late last year, printed emails 
 showing that the alleged victims were deliberately 
 excluded from the deal cut between Acosta, who was 
 then the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of 
 Florida, and Epstein's defense team. 
 Epstein's alleged victims — numbering in the dozens 
 — claim he lured teenage girls to his Palm Beach, 
 Florida, mansion to engage in sexual acts. They have 
 EFTA00032507
not had the opportunity to testify in court in any 
 proceeding thus far, according to the Herald report. 
 Bradley Edwards, who represents the victims suing 
 the government, called Judge Marra's decision a 
 "clear victory and long-overdue vindication for all of 
 the victims." 
 "It is unfortunate that at no time during the past 10 
 years has the government acknowledged its clear 
 violation of the rights of dozens of crime victims," 
 Edwards said. "Hopefully now they will stop 
 defending what was clearly an improper agreement, 
 apologize directly and unequivocally, and work to 
 make it right." 
 Judge Marra said the parties have 15 days to tell the 
 court how they wish to proceed to determine any 
 appropriate remedies. Edwards said the primary 
 remedy is the invalidation of the non-prosecution 
 agreement. 
 A U.S. Department of Labor spokeswoman said the 
 actions of the U.S. Attorney's Office in this case 
 "have been defended by the Department of Justice in 
 litigation across three administrations and several 
 attorneys general." She said any further comment 
 would have to come from the DOJ. 
 The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District 
 of Florida declined to comment. 
 The DOJ has opened an investigation into whether its 
 attorneys engaged in misconduct when negotiating 
 the controversial deal with Epstein, according to a 
 letter sent earlier this month to Sen. Ben Sasse, R-
 Neb., who repeatedly pushed for such an 
 investigation. The letter said the DOJ's Office of 
 Professional Responsibility had opened an 
 investigation into the deal. 
 EFTA00032508
It was after reading the investigative report by the 
 Herald that Sasse became concerned and sent two 
 letters to the DOJ urging the agency to investigate. 
 The Herald's three-part series, "Perversion of 
 Justice," showed how Acosta and other DOJ 
 attorneys worked closely with defense lawyers to 
 craft a lenient plea deal for Epstein in 2008. 
 The series was published just before Epstein was set 
 to go to trial in a civil dispute with Edwards, who had 
 filed a malicious prosecution claim against Epstein. 
 The trial was to have featured testimony from some 
 of his victims. But just before jury selection was set 
 to begin, an attorney for Edwards announced a 
 settlement, while Epstein's attorney read an apology 
 from his client to Edwards. 
 The victims are represented by Bradley Edwards 
 of Edwards Pottinger LLC, Jay C. Howell of Jay 
 Howell & Associates PA, John Scarola of Searcy 
 Denney Scarola Barnhart & Shipley PA and Paul G. 
 Cassell of the University of Utah's S.J. Quinney 
 College of Law. 
 The government is represented by Ann Marie C. 
 Villafana and Dexter Lee of the U.S. Attorney's 
 Office for the Southern District of Florida. 
 The case is Doe et al. v. U.S., case number 9:08-cv-
 80736, in the U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of Florida. 
 --Additional reporting by Lauren Berg. Editing by 
 Nicole Bleier. 
 EFTA00032509
(OPR)" 
 Subject: RE: SDNY investigation 
 Date: Tue, 12 Feb 2019 22:28:27 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 I am one of the AUSAs working on the current investigation of Jeffrey Epstein in the Southern District of New York, and I 
 was given your contact information by Sid so wanted to be in touch for any deconfliction or discussion that 
 might be useful with respect to our respective matters. Is there a good time to be in touch sometime this week? I should 
 generally be able to make myself available at your convenience, and please let me know if any information would be 
 helpful in advance. 
 thank you, 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 'tof New York 
 EFTA00032510
BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor 
 New York, NY 10011 
 Main: 212-243-1100 
 Cell: 917-912-9698 
 Fax: 888-587-4737 
 bcstemheim@mac.com 
 ••Covid-19 Notice: The \Vest 19th Street office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely. 
 Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
 We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation. 
 Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being. 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
 that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
 If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
 If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
 then delete this message. Thank you. 
 EFTA00031917
From 
 To:I
 Cc: ' 
 ' d
 Subject: Tartaglione production 
 Date: Tue, 27 Jul 2021 16:35:36 +0000 
 Hey — Can you please stamp the documents located here: 
 Epstein and BOP 
 Documents (ATTORNEYS EYES ONLY) 
 They need a bates stamp + the same AEO and Sensitive Disclosure Material stamp that is already on the July 23 Incident 
 Report which is in one of the folders. 
 Thanks! 
 Deputy Chief, White Plains Division 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 300 Quarropas Street 
 White Plains, New York 10601 
 EFTA00031971
From: ' " 
 To: (OPR) 
 Cc: (OPR)" 
 Subject: RE: RE: SDNY investigation 
 Date: Tue, 19 Feb 2019 17:12:37 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 That works, thanks, and that is the best number for me. So you have it generally, my cell is nd feel free to 
 call that if there's ever a time-sensitive issue, but I'll be at my desk tomorrow morning. 
 thanks again, 
 From OPR) 
 Sent: Tuesday, February 19, 2019 12:10 
 To: 
 Cc: (OPR) 
 Subject: RE: RE: SDNY investigation 
 9:30 tomorrow morning? We'll call you then at 
 Many thanks. 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, February 19, 2019 11:59 AM 
 T C 1 OPR 
 PR) 
 Subject: RE: RE: SDNY investigation 
 nless you provide another tt. 
 Unfortunately I'm in the grand jury and meetings most of the afternoon, but I'll be free (and in the office) anytime this 
 evening starting at 5:00, or could talk anytime tomorrow before 2:00. What works best for you? 
 thanks, 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 From: OPR) 
 Sent: Tuesday, February 19, 019 11:35 
 To: 
 Cc: 0PR) 
 Subject: RE: RE: SDNY roves iga ion 
 EFTA00032511
a
 — My cocounsel Steve Fenn and I would like to speak with you today, if possible. Is there a good time for us to phone 
 you? 
 Regards, 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, February 12, 2019 5:28 PM 
 To: :OPR) 
 Subject: RE: SDNY investigation 
 Mind 
 OPR) 
 I am one of the AUSAs working on the current investigation of Jeffrey Epstein in the Southern District of New York, and I 
 was given your contact information by nd so wanted to be in touch for any deconfliction or discussion that 
 might be useful with respect to our respective matters. Is there a good time to be in touch sometime this week? I should 
 generally be able to make myself available at your convenience, and please let me know if any information would be 
 helpful in advance. 
 thank you, 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 • of New York 
 EFTA00032512
From: " 
 )"  
 To: ' 
 Subject: Re: what's your trial status? 
 Date: Thu, 21 Feb 2019 18:48:47 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 )"  
 For sure. Happy to chat about the case too— I'm in the trial room if you want to call my cell. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Feb 21, 2019, at 12:43 PM, 
 awesome, godspeed. 
 > wrote: 
 (and I may send you a draft Epstein thing if you feel like a distraction while you're waiting, but no pressure at all) 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2019 12:43 
 To: 
 Subject: Re: what's your trial status? 
 Judge Sweet just finished reading the charge. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Feb 21, 2019, at 12:42 PM, 
 with the jury?? 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 wrote: 
 EFTA00032513
From: 
 To: '
 Subject: t/c with agents re: approach of 
 Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2019 04:21:13 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 )" 
 " 
 03/04/2019 
 19:51 to approximately 20:06 
 - found 
 was very nervous 
 asked about having a lawyer, stated that she did not have an attorney in connection with Epstein ( 
 , and spoke for some time with agents initially 
 o when initially contacted by the police when 18 years old, had a lawyer that Epstein provided, doesn't 
 remember the attorney's name 
 o she reached out to Epstein at the time, and he provided her with a lawyer 
 o she hasn't talked to Epstein or the lawyer since that time 
 met him good way to make some money, she gives him a massage, he masturbates 
 after a period of conversation, stated that she would feel more comfortable with an attorney present for an interview 
 present 
 o agents stated that they would contact her regarding logistics for possible appointment of counsel 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032514
)11
 Subject: Epstein 
 Date: Wed, 06 Mar 2019 18:27:40 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Hi 
 The FBI has a large amount of data for us on the Epstein case—can the case agent, (copied here) give you 
 the data for uploading to the shared? If you guys could coordinate on the logistics, that would be great. 
 Thanks! 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032515
From: ' 
 To: ' )11
 Subject: FW: In re Application to Unseal Civil Discovery Materials SDNY 19-mc-00179 
 Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2019 19:37:15 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: 19-MC-00179_Sealed_Order_4.15.19_Stamped.pdf 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 16, 2019 14:25 
 To: 
 Subject: In re Application to Unseal Civil Discovery Materials SDNY 19-mc-00179 
 Mr. 
 Please see the attached PDF for an Order that was filed under seal today in 19-mc-179. 
 Tha n 
 Courtroom Deputy to the Hon. Sarah Netburn 
 United States District Court 
 Southern District of New York 
 40 Foley Square 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032516
Froml  
 To: -4 
 Subject: has invited new collaborators to 'Epstein Death' folder on Box... 
 Date: Fri, 10 Jan 2020 17:02:02 +0000 
 has invited 1 collaborator(s) to 'Epstein Death' folder: 
 Epstein Death 
 Collaborators Invited: 
 a 2020 
 Epstein Death 
 Collaborated Folder 
 View Folder 
 About Box • Privacy Policy • Edit Notification Settings • 900 Jefferson Avenue, Redwood City. CA 9400:•. I NA 
 This is an oflicial notification from the USAfx File Exchange system. 
 EFTA00032517
From: The Washington Post  <email@washingtonpost.com> 
 To: <I   
 Subject:The Daily 202: Ifs personal for the lead sponsors of the Iran war powers resolutions 
 Date: Fri, 10 Jan 2020 17:21:51 +0000 
 If you're having trouble reading this, click here. 
 VJ 
 The Daily 202 
 Smre: fa lis Listen to The Big Idea 
 It's personal for the lead sponsors of the Iran war 
 powers resolutions 
 —Rep. Elissa Slotkin (D-Mich.) gives an interview at the Capitol. 
 (Susan Walsh/AP) 
 Rep. Elissa Slotkin (D-Mich.) gives an interview at the Capitol. (Susan Walsh/AP) 
 ITEM. 
 BYLINE 
 TEXT 
 BY JAMES HOHMANN 
 with Mariana Altaro 
 THE BIG IDEA: Rep. Elissa Slotkin (D-Mich.) is a former CIA analyst who 
 served three tours in Iraq as one of the American government's foremost 
 experts on Iranian-backed Shiite militias before being appointed as an 
 assistant secretary of defense with a focus on the Middle East. But that's not 
 the only experience that motivated Slotkin to draft the resolution limiting President 
 Trump's ability to take additional military action against Iran without congressional 
 approval, which passed the House last night on a mostly party-line vote. 
 EFTA00032518
The freshman congresswoman's son-in-law is an active-duty Army officer 
 stationed at the al-Asad air base in western Iraq, which the Iranians hit with 11 
 ballistic missiles this week in retaliation for the drone strike that killed Quds Force 
 commander Qasem Soleimani. Slotkin's husband also served 30 years in the Army, 
 retiring as a colonel, and her stepdaughter followed in his footsteps. She was not 
 long ago commissioned as an active-duty Army officer. 
 "For me, this is not a theoretical exercise," Slotkin explained on Thursday 
 evening. "If our loved ones are going to be sent to fight in any protracted war, the 
 president owes the American public a conversation. ... Congress has long 
 abdicated its responsibility as laid out in the Constitution to make the hard 
 decisions we owe our troops." 
 Such deeply personal investment in the war effort blunts hyperbolic attacks 
 from Republican lawmakers - especially those who have never served in uniform 
 and don't have relatives on the battlefield — that opposing the escalation of conflict 
 in the Middle East or supporting Congress asserting its constitutional role is 
 somehow unpatriotic. 
 The debate now moves to the Senate, which could vote as early as next 
 week, where it faces a more uncertain future. At least four Republicans need to 
 vote for the resolution to ensure passage when it comes up, as early as next week. 
 Whatever the Senate passes, if anything, would then need to be approved by the 
 House before going to Trump, who has promised a veto that there would not be the 
 votes to override. 
 Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.), the lead sponsor of the accompanying resolution in that 
 chamber, isn't just a member of the Armed Services and Foreign Relations 
 committees. Kaine's oldest son, Nat, is an active-duty Marine infantry officer 
 who has been deployed overseas multiple times. 
 EFTA00032519
McCarthy continues to accuse Pelosi of 'defending Soleimani' 
 -- The Republican messaging machine has gone into overdrive this 
 week, with what has felt at times like a competition among party leaders to see 
 who could offer up the most incendiary quote questioning the motives of 
 Democratic lawmakers concerned about the possibility of a full-scale war against 
 Iran without congressional approval. 
 "This is a meaningless vote that only sends the wrong message that the House 
 Democrats would rather stand with the socialist base than stand against Iran," 
 House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) said at his weekly news 
 conference on Thursday. 
 "Whether you mean to or not, you're empowering the enemy," said Sen. Lindsey 
 Graham (R-S.C.), the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, referring to 
 lawmakers who vote for the resolution. 
 "They are in love with terrorists," said Rep. Doug Collins (R-Ga.), the top 
 Republican on the House Judiciary Committee. "We see that they mourn Soleimani 
 more than they mourn our Gold Star families," Collins told Lou Dobbs on Fox 
 Business. 
 -- Democrats have decided not to just brush aside comments like this. "I left 
 literal parts of my body in Iraq, where I was fighting terrorists," said Sen. Tammy 
 Duckworth (D-Ill.), who has used a wheelchair since her Black Hawk helicopter 
 was shot down over Iraq in 2004. "Donald Trump spent months attacking an 
 ACTUAL Gold Star Family," she added on Twitter. "[Collins] should be ashamed of 
 himself for perpetuating this offensive lie." 
 Duckworth is referring to when Trump, who received a deferment for "bone spurs" 
 to avoid being drafted during the Vietnam War, mocked Khizr and Ghazala Khan. 
 Their son Humayun was killed in action as an Army captain in Iraq. The Khans 
 EFTA00032520
From: " (USANYS)" cz> 
 To: " (USANYS)" < > 
 Subject: Call with USVI (Epstein) 
 Date: Wed, 01 Apr 2020 21:49:11 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00031972
spoke out against Trump at the Democratic convention in 2016, expressing 
 concern about his proposed ban on Muslims entering the United States. 
 -- Collins apologized this morning. "Let me be clear: I do not believe Democrats 
 are in love with terrorists," he tweeted. "As someone who served in Iraq in 2008, I 
 witnessed firsthand the brutal death of countless soldiers who were torn to shreds 
 by this vicious terrorist. Soleimani was nothing less than an evil mastermind who 
 viciously killed and wounded thousands of Americans. These images will live with 
 me for the rest of my life, but that does not excuse my response on Wednesday 
 evening." 
 -- During the Thursday evening debate on the House floor, several Democrats 
 emphasized their credentials as they made the case for the war powers 
 resolution. Polls suggest that Democrats have tightened their traditional gap on 
 which party is more trusted to handle national security. They won control of the 
 House in the 2018 midterm elections thanks, in part, to a large cohort of young 
 military veterans in swing districts. There are 96 veterans in this Congress, 
 including 30 Democrats and 66 Republicans. 
 One of those freshmen who delivered the majority is Rep. Jason Crow (D-
 Colo.). He defeated a GOP incumbent in the Denver suburbs by touting his Army 
 combat experience. "I have often heard folks say that now is not the time to 
 discuss the use of force or the decision to send our men and women to fight," said 
 Crow. "I heard that in 2003 when I was carrying a rifle in Baghdad. I heard it again 
 in 2004 and 2005 when I was leading my unit through the mountains of 
 Afghanistan. And I am hearing it again today in the halls of Congress. In the last 19 
 years, more than 7,000 Americans have given their lives in these conflicts, 53,000 
 have been wounded and we have spent over $4 trillion dollars of taxpayer money. 
 "Do not believe the fearmongering," Crow concluded. "I may have laid down 
 my rifle, but my oath to this country endures. I will fight to ensure that we are 
 EFTA00032521
having a discussion about when to send our men and women, our sons and 
 daughters, our sisters and brothers, into harm's way." 
 Pelosi on Iran: 'We must avoid war' 
 Slotkin left her Pentagon job to move home to Michigan after Trump took 
 office. Then she toppled a longtime GOP incumbent the next year in the 
 midterms. She faces a tough reelection battle this fall in a district Trump 
 carried comfortably in 2016. The National Republican Congressional Committee 
 has taken to calling her "pro-Iran Slotkin" in news releases. "Sit down, Elissa," one 
 missive from the House GOP campaign arm said this week. 
 Rep. Liz Cheney (R-Wyo.), the former vice president's daughter, called into a 
 news talk radio station in Slotkin's district on Thursday morning to attack her 
 for the "appalling" resolution, which she said "will send a message to the 
 Iranians that the country is not united behind the president." Cheney told 
 WILS in Lansing, Mich., that Slotkin's resolution showed "there's a big difference 
 between what she's saying at home and what she does when she gets here to 
 Washington." 
 In a speech on the House floor before the vote on resolution, Slotkin pushed 
 back forcefully on these criticisms. "Soleimani was the lead architect of much of 
 Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East and throughout the world," she said. 
 "To that end, with Iran, or with any other adversary, the United States always has 
 the inherent right and obligation to self-defense against imminent armed attacks. 
 Always!" 
 Slotkin lamented that the country has been at war for nearly two decades, 
 but Congress has only voted twice in that time to authorize the use of 
 military force: in 2001 and 2002. Rep. Barbara Lee (D-Calif.) was the lone 
 EFTA00032522
member of Congress to vote against the authorization for the use of military force 
 immediately after the 9/11 attacks, which is still being cited more than 18 years 
 later as a legal rationale for U.S. activities in the Middle East. Only 1 in 4 House 
 members today were in Congress back then. 
 That 2001 authorization has been cited dozens of times, by three different 
 presidents now, to justify deploying American troops to a list of countries 
 that includes Libya, Turkey, Georgia, Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Yemen, Eritrea, 
 Ethiopia, Djibouti, Somalia, Kenya, the Philippines and Cuba. The language of 
 Slotkin's nonbinding resolution instructs Trump "to terminate the use of United 
 States Armed Forces to engage in hostilities in or against Iran or any part of its 
 government or military" unless Congress either formally declares war or there is 
 "an imminent armed attack upon the United States." 
 "When it comes to the matter of longer-term war, we have a constitutional 
 responsibility to authorize the use of military force," Slotkin reasoned. "The 
 framers of our Constitution rightly believed that the power to declare war belongs in 
 the Congress because this would ensure that the American people, through the 
 legislators they elected, would weigh the most significant decision a government 
 can make." 
 tel l Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-Fla.) walks in the Capitol after casting his 
 vote on the House floor. (Matt Rourke/AP) 
 Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-Fla.) walks in the Capitol after casting his vote on the House floor. (Matt 
 Rourke/AP) 
 Slotkin's resolution passed 224 to 194, with the support of three 
 Republicans plus independent Justin Amash of Michigan and the opposition 
 of eight Democrats. The most notable vote for the resolution came from Rep. 
 Matt Gaetz, one of Trump's most outspoken allies on Capitol Hill. "I take a 
 back seat to no member of this body when it comes to defending the president," he 
 EFTA00032523
said in a floor speech shortly before the vote. "This resolution offers no criticism of 
 the president. It doesn't criticize the president's attacks on Soleimani. As a matter 
 of fact, this resolution doesn't even say Soleimani's name in it." 
 Gaetz's district includes the naval air station in Pensacola, Fla. "I represent more 
 troops than any other member of this body," he said. "I buried one of them earlier 
 today at Arlington, and that sergeant died a patriot and a hero. If the members of 
 our armed services have the courage to go fight and die in these wars, as 
 Congress we ought to have the courage to vote for them or against them. It's 
 ludicrous to suggest that we are impairing the troops from doing their job by not 
 doing our job articulated in the Constitution." 
 The other Republicans who voted for Slotkin's resolution were Rep. Francis 
 Rooney (Fla.), who is retiring, and Rep. Tom Massie (Ky.), a libertarian-minded 
 iconoclast. 
 Two of the eight Democrats who voted against it are freshmen who served in 
 the armed forces: Reps. Elaine Luria (Va.) and Max Rose (N.Y.). And Rep. 
 Stephanie Murphy (Fla.) was formerly a national security specialist at the Defense 
 Department. The others who voted no are moderates from difficult-to-win districts, 
 including Ben McAdams (Utah), Anthony Brindisi (N.Y.), Joe Cunningham (S.C.), 
 Kendra Horn (Okla.) and Josh Gottheimer (N.J.). 
 Trump trashes Adam Schiff during Ohio rally 
 -- Trump ripped the Slotkin resolution during a rally last night in Toledo, 
 Ohio, insisting he doesn't need to get permission from Congress to protect 
 America. "[Soleimani] was a bloodthirsty terrorist ... and he's no longer a terrorist. 
 He's dead, and yet now I see ... the radical-left Democrats have expressed outrage 
 EFTA00032524
over the termination of this horrible terrorist," the president said. "Instead, they 
 should be outraged by Soleimani's savage crimes and the fact that his countless 
 victims were denied justice for so long." 
 Trump singled out Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.), who as the leader of the 
 House Intelligence Committee,is a member of the Gang of Eight that's 
 entitled to briefings on the nation's biggest secrets. Schiff spearheaded the 
 investigation that led to Trump's impeachment for abuse of power and obstruction 
 of Congress, and the congressman has clearly gotten under the president's skin. 
 "You lithe pencil neck," Trump said, referring to Schiff. Trump claimed, with no 
 evidence whatsoever, that Schiff would have called CNN ahead of the drone strike 
 on Soleimani to tip them off and that this would have allowed the Quds Force 
 commander to get away. "They want us to tell them so that they can leak it to their 
 friends in the corrupt media," he said, referring to House Democrats. 
 Slotkin's resolution explicitly makes an exception for defending against "an 
 imminent armed attack," but Trump ignored this as he complained about 
 Democrats trying to stop him from taking action if there's an imminent threat. 
 "He was looking very seriously at our embassies and not just the embassy in 
 Baghdad, but we stopped him very quickly and we stopped him cold," the president 
 told a crowd of nearly 8,000 supporters, referring to Soleimani. "We didn't have 
 time to call up Nancy [Pelosi], who is not operating with a full deck." 
 QUOTE OF THE DAY: 
 "It's not about how bad they are. It's about how good we are," Pelosi said 
 at her weekly news conference, referring to Iran and Soleimani. (Felicia 
 Sonmez) 
 ;-'iSen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.) heads to the Senate floor for a vote. 
 (Shawn Thew/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock) 
 EFTA00032525
Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.) heads to the Senate floor for a vote. (Shawn Thew/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock) 
 -- In the Senate, two Republicans have committed to support Kaine's 
 resolution: Sens. Mike Lee (Utah) and Rand Paul (Ky.). Kaine is trying to woo 
 at least two more GOP colleagues by offering to make amendments that 
 could get them on board. He's actively discussing draft text with Sens. Susan 
 Collins (Maine) and Todd Young (Ind.). Kaine has already agreed to remove any 
 references to Trump by name to make it more palatable for Republican colleagues, 
 and he's willing to make more edits. "It doesn't mean everyone I talk to will get on 
 board, but me sitting down with them and talking them through why I've done it this 
 way, it gives them some level of comfort," Kaine told Jenna Portnoy. 
 Kaine vocally pushed to get Congress to authorize the use of military force in the 
 Middle East even when his good friend Barack Obama was president. (Read my 
 piece about it from 2015 here). In fact, Kaine refused to modulate his position even 
 when Hillary Clinton chose him as her running mate. His longtime emphasis on this 
 issue undermines the GOP argument that his resolution is politically motivated. 
 Keep an eye on Young, who happens to be chairman of the National Republican 
 Senatorial Committee. I wrote a Big Idea in May about how Young's military service 
 prompted him to focus on this issue when it looked like the United States might get 
 drawn into a war with Venezuela. 
 "I understand — as a former Marine Corps intelligence officer — the real-world 
 limitations to and the sensitivities associated with sharing certain information, even 
 with members of Congress," Young told Seung Min Kim, referring to the closed-
 door briefing on Wednesday that left Lee and Paul seething. "But I left there feeling 
 as though it would've been a lot more helpful had I gotten a little peek into some of 
 the intel that informed the operational decisions." 
 EFTA00032526
U.S. believes Ukraine airliner shot down by Iran 
 THE LATEST ON THE IRAN CRISIS: 
 -- In a phone call with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, Iraqi Prime Minister 
 Adel Abdul Mandi asked the United States to send a delegation to Iraq to set 
 up a mechanism for the "safe withdrawal of forces from Iraq." Sarah Dadouch 
 reports: "The Iraqi prime minister has repeatedly insisted that U.S. troop withdrawal 
 was the only path toward de-escalation. ... According to a statement, Abdul Mandi 
 also shared his objections regarding U.S. forces entering Iraq and American 
 aircraft flying in Iraqi airspace without the consent of the Iraqi government." 
 -- The Trump administration hit Iran with more sanctions Friday in the first 
 concrete response to the attacks on U.S. forces in Iraq this week. (Carol 
 Morello) 
 -- Western officials believe an Iranian missile hit the Ukrainian plane that 
 crashed near Tehran earlier this week in a possible unintentional firing. 
 Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelensky is now asking Western leaders to share with 
 him the intelligence that suggests this. Isabelle Khurshudyan and Erin 
 Cunningham report: "Iran, meanwhile, denied the assertions that the Boeing 737, 
 carrying 176 people from Tehran to Kyiv, was shot down early Wednesday shortly 
 after departing from Tehran. ... Ukraine has taken an active role in investigating the 
 crash of the jet, which was carrying 11 Ukrainians, including the crew. A team of 45 
 experts and search-and-rescue personnel from Ukraine, including specialists who 
 helped investigate the July 2014 downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over 
 Ukrainian territory, arrived in Tehran early Thursday to participate in the probe.... 
 Zelensky had phone conversations Thursday with heads of government from 
 Canada, Britain, Sweden and Iran — countries that each had citizens among the 
 passengers. While Ukraine's readouts of those calls said Zelensky intended to 
 keep the leaders abreast of Ukraine's findings and encouraged their 
 EFTA00032527
countries to participate in the investigation, he has now had to publicly ask 
 to be briefed in return.... The Ukrainian leader is expected to speak with 
 [Pompeo] on Friday.... 
 "In Washington, U.S. officials expressed 'high confidence' that the Boeing 
 737-800 was targeted by an SA-15 surface-to-air missile, part of a Russian-
 made air defense system also known as a Tor system, as Iranian forces were on 
 high alert. President Trump said the downing of the aircraft was probably a 
 'mistake.' Then in Ottawa, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said 
 intelligence analyses indicated that a surface-to-air missile hit the plane in what 
 could have been an 'unintentional' act.... A Ukrainian official ... said that Zelensky 
 made the public request for evidence about the crash because the United 
 States had not yet shared with Ukraine its intelligence about the missile 
 Thursday. ... 
 "The Washington Post obtained a video that allegedly shows the moment the 
 airliner was struck in midair. The video, first published by the New York 
 Times, purportedly shows a missile intercepting the aircraft near the city of 
 Parand, followed by a loud boom.... Earlier Friday, the Iranian government said 
 in a statement that it was inviting Boeing to send a representative to help examine 
 the 'black box' containing the flight data and cockpit voice recorders. Iranian state 
 television aired a video of an investigator opening and showing the contents of the 
 box." 
 -- The tragedy mirrors the 1988 Iran Air incident, in which a passenger plane 
 that had originated in the Iranian capital was shot down, leaving 290 
 dead. Adam Taylor reports: "On July 3, 1988, Iran Air Flight 655 was shot down by 
 the U.S. military. The flight ... was flying over the Strait of Hormuz toward its 
 destination, Dubai, when it was hit by two surface-to-air missiles. Though Pentagon 
 officials at first denied any knowledge of the incident, it soon emerged that the 
 plane had been targeted by the USS Vincennes, a cruiser that had been involved 
 in a skirmish with Iranian boats in the Persian Gulf and had mistaken the 
 EFTA00032528
passenger jet for an Iranian warplane. President Ronald Reagan expressed 
 sympathy for the 'terrible human tragedy' but suggested that the plane had 'failed 
 to heed repeated warnings.' However, an investigation by the International Civil 
 Aviation Organization, a U.N. agency, found that U.S. military ships in the region 
 did not have the equipment necessary to monitor civilian air-traffic-control 
 frequencies." 
 -- On Fox News last night, Pompeo reiterated that Soleimani planned "a series 
 of imminent attacks." Asked for specifics, he added: "We don't know precisely 
 when and we don't know precisely where. But it was real." 
 -- An Iranian military commander said the missiles fired at bases used by 
 U.S. troops in Iraq were not intended to inflict casualties. Kareem Fahim and 
 Sarah Dadouch report: "'We did not intend to kill,' said Brig. Gen. Amir Ali 
 Hajizadeh, the head of the Revolutionary Guard's Aerospace Force, according to 
 Iranian state media. 'We intended to hit the enemy's military machinery.' However, 
 he repeated the government's claim that 'tens of people were killed or wounded.' 
 U.S. and Iraqi officials said the strikes caused no casualties.... Iran tried to counter 
 the United States on the diplomatic front Thursday after Trump called on Britain, 
 Germany, France, Russia and China to 'break away from the remnants' of the 2015 
 nuclear deal Iran struck with world powers.... British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, 
 speaking with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Thursday, 'underlined the UK's 
 continued commitment to' the nuclear deal and 'ongoing dialogue to avoid nuclear 
 proliferation and reduce tensions,' according to a British government statement. 
 Rouhani also called European Council President Charles Michel asking for a 
 response to U.S. sanctions, which Rouhani described as 'economic terrorism,' the 
 Iranian Fars News agency reported. In a statement, Michel emphasized the need 
 for de-escalation in the region." 
 -- The U.S. strike on Soleimani's convoy last week also killed Abu Mandi al-
 Muhandis, the deputy head of an Iraqi paramilitary group, whose death could 
 have far-reaching implications. From Middle East Eye: "Commanders of Iranian-
 EFTA00032529
backed armed factions in Iraq tell MEE that with the loss of the two leaders, they 
 are now almost paralysed and would be unable to strike the Americans with real 
 consequence. ... Muhandis, who since the 1980s has been one of America's most 
 wanted men over his involvement in the bombing of the US and French embassies 
 in Kuwait, was seen by most Iraqis as Iran's most influential man in the country.... 
 Although formally stripped of his financial and administrative powers, Muhandis 
 continued to enjoy great influence over most of the Hashd al-Shaabi's armed 
 factions, with the government unable to regain control over the paramilitary 
 umbrella group or force Muhandis to implement orders for fear of retaliation.... 
 While he frustrated the government, it was Muhandis' strong personality, and his 
 blatant challenge to it and the rest of his opponents, that so attracted the leaders 
 and fighters of the armed factions and kept them revolving around him like moths 
 to a flame, following wherever he went." 
 -- The speed at which the Iran crisis unfolded shows the influence Trump's 
 new team of national security advisers has. From the Journal: "The group, 
 including new Secretary of Defense Mark Esper, new chairman of the Joint Chiefs 
 of Staff Mark Milley and new national security adviser Robert O'Brien, along with 
 [Pompeo], backed the president's decision to kill the top Iranian military 
 commander and moved swiftly to carry it out. The new team was cohesive and less 
 inclined than its predecessors to push back against the president's wishes, 
 according to administration officials and others consulted by the White House. 
 They also were less likely to consult in advance with other administration, 
 Pentagon or State Department officials, congressional leaders or foreign allies, 
 some of these officials said." 
 -- Informants in Iraq and Syria helped the United States kill Soleimani. From 
 Reuters: "Soleimani arrived at the Damascus airport in a vehicle with dark-tinted 
 glass. ... They parked near a staircase leading to a Cham Wings Airbus A320, 
 destined for Baghdad. Neither Soleimani nor the soldiers were registered on the 
 passenger manifesto. ... The passenger flight would be Soleimani's last.... 
 EFTA00032530
Event: Call with USVI (Epstein) 
 Start Date: 2020-04-03 15:00:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2020-04-03 16:00:00 +0000 
 Organizer: (USANYS) < > 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Date Created: 2020-04-02 00:33:07 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2020-04-02 00:33:07 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2020-04-01 21:49:11 +0000 
 Attendee: (USANYS) .<> 
 EFTA00031973
Investigators have focused on how suspected informants inside the Damascus and 
 Baghdad airports collaborated with the U.S. military to help track and pinpoint 
 Soleimani's position.... The suspects include two security staffers at the Baghdad 
 airport and two Cham Wings employees. ... The National Security agency's 
 investigators believe the four suspects, who have not been arrested, worked as 
 part of a wider group of people feeding information to the U.S. military, the official 
 said." 
 -- For Trump and Iran, Twitter trolling helped escalate tensions on the 
 battlefield. David Nakamura reports: "A day after [Trump] signaled he would not 
 use military force to escalate a tense standoff with Iran, that nation's supreme 
 leader responded with a message of his own: a doctored photo of Trump's face 
 imprinted with red welts from a slap to the face. The creation on the official website 
 of Ayatollah Ali Khamenei offered a trolling visual meme to echo his previous 
 warning that Tehran's missile attack on two Iraqi facilities housing U.S. troops was 
 only the first salvo in a campaign to avenge the drone killing of [Soleimani.] 
 Experts called the display an example of a new era in international diplomacy in 
 which official letters, telephone hotlines and secure video conference calls have 
 been replaced, in some cases, by high-octane and instantaneous social media 
 messaging." 
 -- Notable commentary from The Post's opinion page: 
 • Jim Webb, former Democratic senator from Virginia and 
 secretary of the Navy under Reagan: "When did it become 
 acceptable to kill a top leader of a country we aren't even at war 
 with?" 
 • Andrew McCabe, former deputy director of the FBI: "If you think 
 Iran is done retaliating, think again." 
 • Fareed Zakaria: "Trump does not have a foreign policy. He has 
 a series of impulses." 
 EFTA00032531
• David Ignatius: "This is what a real Iran strategy would look 
 like." 
 • Eugene Robinson: "The best Iran crisis explanation? Trump's 
 obsession with Obama." 
 • Josh Rogin: "Soleimani's death offers a chance to fix U.S. policy 
 on Syria." 
 • Max Boot: "By claiming Democrats support terrorism, 
 Republicans hit a new low." 
 • A hilarious satire by Alexandra Petri: "Millions of Americans 
 devastated to learn they were ardent fans of Soleimani this 
 whole time." 
 G;', The Daily 202's BIG IDEA > Get James' insight into Washington every weekday on your 
 smart speaker or favorite podcast player. 
 Subscribe on Amazon Echo Google Home Apple HomePod and other podcast 
 players. 
 Welcome to the Daily 202, PowerPost's morning briefing for decision-makers. 
 Sign up to receive the newsletter. 
 Why Democrats say they're withholding the impeachment articles 
 DOMESTIC DEVELOPMENTS THAT SHOULDN'T BE OVERSHADOWED: 
 -- Nancy Pelosi signaled this morning in a letter to colleagues that the House 
 will transmit the articles of impeachment to the Senate as soon as next week. 
 "I have asked Judiciary Committee Chairman Jerry Nadler to be prepared to bring 
 to the Floor next week a resolution to appoint managers and transmit articles of 
 impeachment to the Senate," she wrote. (Our live blog has more.) 
 EFTA00032532
-- The Senate has conducted 15 impeachment trials in U.S. history. It has 
 heard witnesses in every single one. Noah Bookbinder, executive director of 
 Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, reviews the history: "Only 19 
 other individuals besides Trump have been impeached by the House of 
 Representatives. The Senate completed a trial in 15 of those cases, and in every 
 single one of them, it heard testimony from witnesses. Those cases include the 
 only two prior instances in which a president was impeached." 
 -- House Republicans are eyeing a push to condemn Pelosi for delaying the 
 trial. From Politico: "GOP Rep. Bradley Byrne, who is running for an Alabama 
 Senate seat, introduced a censure resolution on Thursday morning to rebuke 
 Pelosi for hanging on to the articles of impeachment since December. Republicans 
 have the option to force a floor vote on the measure though Democrats would 
 surely move to table it, just as they did with a censure resolution against" Schiff. 
 -- Meanwhile, Rep. Elise Stefanik (R-N.Y.) tweeted an impeachment-related 
 fundraising appeal that included a doctored photo of Pelosi, drawing a 
 retweet from Trump. Felicia Sonmez reports: "The tweet marks the second time 
 this week that a House Republican has tweeted a photo that appears to have been 
 manipulated. On Monday, Rep. Paul Gosar (R-Ariz.) tweeted a fake photo of 
 Obama with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. ... The tweet shows a close-up, 
 red -tinted photo of Pelosi, with the lines in the House speaker's face exaggerated 
 due to the image's unnaturally high contrast." 
 le:Matt Golsteyn is pictured in his D.C. office with his wife Julie and 
 their infant son Henry. (Sarah L. Voisin/The Washington Post) 
 Matt Golsteyn is pictured in his D.C. office with his wife Julie and their infant son Henry. (Sarah L. 
 Voisin/The Washington Post) 
 -- An Army general denied a request by an officer pardoned by Trump in an 
 open murder case to have his Special Forces tab reinstated. Dan Lamothe 
 EFTA00032533
reports: "The decoration for retired Army Maj. Mathew L. Golsteyn was denied Dec. 
 3 by Lt. Gen. Francis M. Beaudette, the commander of U.S. Army Special 
 Operations Command, the Army disclosed Thursday. Beaudette's decision is not 
 final, and the service said in a statement that it will next have an administrative 
 panel consider whether it should reinstate the Special Forces tab and a 
 Distinguished Service Cross — the U.S. military's second-highest valor award —
 and expunge a letter of reprimand Golsteyn received in connection with his case. 
 Golsteyn was awaiting trial this year in the alleged murder of a suspected Taliban 
 bombmaker in Marja, Afghanistan, in February 2010. ... The general's denial of 
 Golsteyn's reinstatement request follows Trump's decision in November to pardon 
 Golsteyn along with former 1st Lt. Clint Lorance, an Army officer who had been 
 convicted of murder in Afghanistan. ... Golsteyn, reached for comment Thursday 
 evening, said he had not heard about the decision until it was first reported by The 
 Washington Post. A few minutes later, he and his lawyer, Phil Stackhouse, said 
 they received notification from the Army in an emailed letter that had just arrived." 
 -- The Justice Department is winding down the Hillary Clinton-related inquiry 
 once championed by Trump. It found nothing of consequence. Devlin Barrett 
 and Matt Zapotosky report: "John Huber, the U.S. attorney in Utah, was tapped in 
 November 2017 by then-Attorney General Jeff Sessions to look into concerns 
 raised by Trump and his allies in Congress that the FBI had not fully pursued cases 
 of possible corruption at the Clinton Foundation and during Clinton's time as 
 secretary of state, when the U.S. government decided not to block the sale of a 
 company called Uranium One. As a part of his review, Huber examined documents 
 and conferred with federal law enforcement officials in Little Rock who were 
 handling a meandering probe into the Clinton Foundation. ... Current and former 
 officials said that Huber has largely finished and found nothing worth pursuing —
 though the assignment has not formally ended and no official notice has been sent 
 to the Justice Department or to lawmakers." 
 EFTA00032534
-- Internal Boeing documents show employees discussing efforts to 
 manipulate U.S. and international safety regulators. Ian Duncan, Lori Aratani 
 and Michael Laris report: "'Yes, I still haven't been forgiven by god for the covering 
 up I did last year," said a 2018 message. Another exchange between Boeing 
 employees, from August 2015, closes out with this: 'I know but this is what these 
 regulators get when they try and get in the way. they impede progress. ...' In 2017, 
 a Boeing employee wrote: 'this airplane is designed by clowns, who in turn 
 are supervised by monkeys.' The documents were released by Boeing to 
 congressional investigators probing how the company's 737 Max jets were certified 
 by the Federal Aviation Administration as safe before two crashes that killed 346 
 people. ... 
 "At issue in some of the messages was whether simulator training should be 
 required for pilots flying the Max. Boeing went to great lengths to prevent 
 such a requirement, in part because it would be costly for its customers, 
 company documents show. ... In one November 2015 message, the 737 chief 
 technical pilot, whose name is redacted in the documents, said failing to get 
 computer -based training for one system 'is a planet-killer for the MAX.' ... In 
 another email chain, from June 2017, the chief technical pilot forwarded to Boeing 
 colleagues messages in which he persuaded an airline, which is not identified in 
 the documents, not to require simulator training on the Max. 'Looks like my jedi 
 mind trick worked again!' the pilot wrote. 'These are not the droids you're looking 
 for.' ... In a shift Tuesday, the company said that it is recommending that pilots 
 undergo simulator training before they resume flying the 737 Max. The FAA, which 
 will have the final say, said it will consider Boeing's recommendation." (Read the 
 Boeing documents for yourself here.) 
 -- The United States economy added 145,000 jobs in December as the 
 unemployment rate remained at 3.5 percent. (Rachel Siegel) 
 -- Video from Jeffrey Epstein's first apparent suicide attempt was lost due to 
 "technical errors," according to prosecutors. Reis Thebault reports: "Federal 
 EFTA00032535
prosecutors said in December they were unable to locate the video, which would 
 have showed guards finding Epstein after his first apparent suicide attempt in July. 
 Then, just a day later, they wrote in a court filing that they had found the footage 
 and were 'in the process of obtaining a copy' from the Metropolitan Correctional 
 Center in New York City, where Epstein was held. But on Thursday, prosecutors 
 reversed themselves again, saying the video 'no longer exists' because of 
 'technical errors.' Jail officials initially thought they had saved footage from outside 
 Epstein's cell, when in fact the footage they preserved was from a different part of 
 the facility, explained Assistant U.S. Attorneys and Jason 
 Swergold in the latest filing." 
 -- Border crossings are starting to plateau as U.S. officials report a continued 
 decline in immigration apprehensions. Abigail Hauslohner reports: "The number 
 of people apprehended or deemed 'inadmissible' by U.S. border authorities along 
 the southern border fell to 40,620 last month, down 72 percent from May, when the 
 Trump administration declared it was at the height of a border crisis. December 
 marked the seventh straight month of decline in border crossings, but the month-
 to -month differences have shrunk significantly since September. Border 
 enforcement actions last month were roughly on par with December 2017." 
 -- Counties, cities and states are stepping up on their climate goals as the 
 Trump administration steps back. Rebecca Tan reports: "Maryland's most 
 populous jurisdiction is promising an ambitious package of new climate initiatives in 
 2020, joining other liberal counties, cities and states stepping up to address what 
 they see as the Trump administration's resistance to protecting the planet.... In 
 February, Montgomery will hold a town hall on hundreds of recommendations from 
 climate workgroups convened last year by County Executive Marc Elrich (D). And 
 by early 2021, officials hope to unveil a comprehensive plan detailing how the 
 county will reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 80 percent by 2027 and 100 
 percent by 2035." 
 EFTA00032536
American sprinters Tommie Smith (center) and John Carlos (right) 
 raise their gloved fists in a civil rights protest at the 1968 Olympic 
 Games in Mexico City. (AP)&nbsp; 
 American sprinters Tommie Smith (center) and John Carlos (right) raise their gloved fists in a civil 
 rights protest at the 1968 Olympic Games in Mexico City. (AP) 
 THE NEW WORLD ORDER: 
 -- Gag rule alert: The International Olympic Committee warned athletes they 
 would face sanctions, which could include the loss of medals, for 
 participating in political protests during the Olympics in Tokyo this summer, 
 including kneeling, political hand gestures and wearing or holding signs or 
 armbands. Jacob Bogage reports: "The committee published a three-page 
 document of guidelines. ... 'We needed clarity, and they wanted clarity on the 
 rules,' [said] Kirsty Coventry of Zimbabwe, chair of the IOC Athletes' Commission, 
 which helped create the new document. ... The guidelines outlaw demonstrations 
 such as those staged by Tommie Smith and John Carlos, American sprinters who 
 raised their gloved fists on the medal stand at the 1968 Games in Mexico City, and 
 former NFL player Colin Kaepernick, who in 2016 began kneeling during the 
 national anthem. Both demonstrations sought to draw attention to racial injustice 
 and have been repeated by other athletes in recent years.... 
 "Ethiopian runner Feyisa Lilesa crossed his wrists at the finish line of the 
 men's marathon at the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro to show support for 
 civil rights protesters in his home country. Americans Race Imboden, a fencer, 
 and hammer-thrower Gwen Berry were placed on probation by the U.S. Olympic 
 and Paralympic Committee in August after demonstrating on the medal stand at 
 the Pan American Games. Imboden knelt during the national anthem, while Berry 
 raised a fist. Athletes who protest will face discipline 'on a case-by-case basis as 
 necessary,' according to the guidelines." 
 EFTA00032537
-- A billion animals have been caught in Australia's fires. Some may go 
 extinct. Karin Brulliard and Darryl Fears report: "The mouse-size dunnart is not as 
 iconic as the koalas or platypuses that draw tourists, but it is arguably the most 
 special mammal on Australia's Kangaroo Island. Now the Kangaroo Island 
 dunnart's days may be numbered. Before bush fires struck, it was already 
 endangered, so rare that even researchers who studied them had never seen one. 
 Now they fear they never will. One-third of the 1,700-square-mile island has 
 burned, including the entire area where these dunnarts are known to live. ... More 
 than 1 billion mammals, birds and reptiles nationwide — some of them found 
 nowhere else on Earth — may have been affected or killed by the fires sweeping 
 across Australia, according to a University of Sydney estimate. The potential toll is 
 far greater when other types of animals are included. ... Individual animals might 
 survive, but when their habitat is gone, 'it doesn't matter,' Saunders said. 'They'll 
 die anyway.'" 
 -- Disgusting: Hoaxers are using the fires to spread misinformation and 
 profit, Brittany Shammas reports. 
 -- The fire crisis is fueling protests calling for bolder action on climate 
 change. Kate Shuttleworth reports: "At rallies nationwide on Friday, thousands 
 called for Prime Minister Scott Morrison to resign over what they say is his 
 administration's passivity on an issue that has hit home to millions of Australians as 
 a clear and present danger. The conservative leader has defended his disaster 
 response after facing criticism from victims and firefighters for its perceived 
 inadequacy. In Melbourne, close to 10,000 people took to the streets, spurning 
 calls from police and the state's center-left leader, Daniel Andrews, not to risk 
 diverting emergency resources. ... An organizer of a similar rally in Sydney, Gavin 
 Stanbrook, said the events of recent weeks revealed a nation polarized over how 
 to tackle the challenge. 'We are divided between coal interests and politicians on 
 the one side and then firefighters and volunteers on the other and the rest of us 
 who are either impacted or our friends and family are on the front line, or in cities 
 EFTA00032538
surrounded by smoke,' Stanbrook said. 'We need to come together and say that 
 we will not accept it anymore.'" 
 -- Suspected Islamist militants killed 25 soldiers in Niger. Danielle Paquette 
 reports: "The clash unfolded in the western village of Chinegodar near the border 
 with Mali, according to Nigerien defense officials, as fighters with ties to the Islamic 
 State and al-Qaeda look to seize new swaths of territory. The bloodshed came 
 about a month after gunmen ambushed a Nigerien army post in another border 
 town, killing 71 soldiers in the deadliest strike on the nation's forces in recent 
 memory. The Islamic State West Africa Province asserted responsibility for that 
 massacre two days later." 
 -- In Israel, deadly floods have kept residents confined to their homes and 
 offices even as they braced for potential spinoff attacks from rising tensions 
 between the United States and Iran. Steve Hendrix reports: "Prime Minister 
 Benjamin Netanyahu on Thursday beseeched citizens to take flood warnings as 
 seriously as they do the sirens warning of imminent rocket fire that are a feature of 
 life in many Israeli communities.... Netanyahu also warned the adventurous not to 
 venture out to the desert to witness the dramatic — and potentially dangerous —
 spectacle of dry stream beds reanimated with roaring water. 'Watch them on 
 television,' he advised.... Officials said rescue resources had been redeployed 
 nationwide in response to the flooding, which stretched from the coastal plains 
 along the Mediterranean to the occupied West Bank down to the Dead Sea." 
 -- China identified a new strain of coronavirus as the source of its 
 pneumonia outbreak. Gerry Shih and Lena H. Sun report: "A group of Chinese 
 experts this week isolated and obtained the genome sequence of the new virus, 
 which is believed to be responsible for sickening dozens of people who visited a 
 wild -animal market last month in Wuhan, in central China, state media reported 
 Thursday. The outbreak ahead of the Lunar New Year travel season in China has 
 prompted health authorities across East Asia to increase screening of travelers for 
 signs of fever, underscoring fears about its potential spread." 
 EFTA00032539
-- Understatement of the year? Pope Francis said 2020 is off to a rough start, 
 saying it "does not seem to be marked by encouraging signs." Chico Harlan 
 reports: "While saying that maintaining hope is essential, the pope spent the next 
 45 minutes talking about wars and could-be wars, exploitation, sexual abuse, 
 Internet hate speech, international indifference to humanitarian crises, and the 
 depressing state of the world's fight against climate change. He called heightened 
 tensions between the United States and Iran 'particularly troubling,' but his remarks 
 amounted to a laundry list of flash points, both major and obscure, from Burkina 
 Faso to Venezuela to Australia. 'Certainly, hope has to be realistic,' Francis said. 'It 
 demands acknowledging the many troubling issues confronting our world and the 
 challenges lurking on the horizon. It requires that problems be called by their name 
 and the courage be found to resolve them." 
 -- Lebanon has banned ex-Nissan chief Carlos Ghosn from traveling. Sarah 
 Dadouch reports: "Ghosn appeared at a hearing in Lebanon on Thursday, two days 
 after Lebanon's caretaker justice minister, Albert Serhan, said the country's public 
 prosecutor had received the Interpol red notice about Ghosn and would be taking 
 the necessary steps. He was placed under house arrest. A few days after his 
 arrival in Lebanon's capital, Ghosn found himself in more legal trouble: A group of 
 lawyers last Thursday lodged a legal complaint against him for visiting Israel as 
 chairman of Renault and later Nissan. Lebanon and Israel have been in a state of 
 war for the past six decades, and Lebanese law considers interacting with the 
 country's southern neighbor and sworn enemy a crime. Ali Abbas, one of the two 
 lawyers who filed the Israel-related complaint against Ghosn, said the travel ban 
 was a formality that usually comes after receiving Interpol notices, especially red 
 notices, which alert police about internationally wanted fugitives but do not compel 
 any country to arrest the fugitive." 
 -- Trump wished North Korean leader Kim Jung Un a happy birthday through 
 South Korea. (AP) 
 EFTA00032540
From: ' 
 To:" 
 Subject: Fwd: Epstein memo 
 Date: Fri, 10 May 2019 17:32:11 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: 2019-05-10 JE_status_memo_for ODAG.docx; ATT00001.htm; 2019-05-
 10 JE_status_memo_for_ODAG.pdf; ATT00002.htm 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: ' 
 Date: May 10, 2019 at 1:31:10 PM EDT 
 To: "Strauss Audrey SANYS " 
 Cc: ' 
 Subject: Epstein memo 
 Audrey — Attached is a revised (and shortened) memo for ODAG. 
 Co -Chief, Public Corruption Unit 
 U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
 Southern District of New York 
 Tel. 
 EFTA00031974
-- A statue mocking Trump in Melania Trump's home country was burned 
 down. Lateshia Beachum reports: "Firefighters in Moravce, a city in central 
 Slovenia, tried to extinguish the bonfire, but their efforts left charred planks on the 
 ground. The arsonists responsible for the Christmas nutcracker-like statue's ashes 
 are reportedly still at large. The nearly 26-foot tall wooden structure that had a 
 mechanism to open Trump's red painted mouth full of pointy teeth was constructed 
 last year in a nation divided over the U.S. president. The statue of Trump, with the 
 president's signature blue suit and red tie, had been under torch threats since local 
 residents threatened to set it ablaze on Halloween ... It was relocated because of 
 the risk." 
 -- London's Madame Tussauds removed its wax figures of Prince Harry and 
 Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, from its display of Britain's royal family less 
 than 24 hours after the couple announced they would be "stepping back" 
 from their roles as senior royals. Jennifer Hassan reports: "The figures will no 
 longer stand alongside the rest of the royal family. They have been moved by the 
 wax museum's staff. The likenesses of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, 
 William and Catherine, remain on display alongside figures of Queen Elizabeth II 
 and her husband, Prince Philip. 'As two of our most popular and well-loved figures, 
 they will of course remain an important feature at Madame Tussauds London as 
 we watch to see what the next chapter holds for them,' said [Steve Davies, general 
 manager of Madame Tussauds London]." 
 LA/ice President Pence, along with White House senior adviser 
 Jared Kushner and his wife, Ivanka Trump, and their children, 
 Arabella, Joseph and Theodore Kushner, attend a Hanukkah 
 reception in the East Room of the White House last month. (Manuel 
 Balce Ceneta/AP) 
 Vice President Pence, along with White House senior adviser Jared Kushner and his wife, Ivanka 
 Trump, and their children, Arabella, Joseph and Theodore Kushner, attend a Hanukkah reception in 
 the East Room of the White House last month. (Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP) 
 EFTA00032541
2020 WATCH: 
 -- Jared Kushner's global role is shrinking as his role in the president's 
 reelection campaign grows. From Annie Karni and Maggie Haberman in the 
 Times: "When senior administration officials gathered in the Situation Room on 
 Tuesday for a meeting to discuss the repercussions of the killing of [Soleimani], the 
 White House aide whose portfolio is the Middle East was notably absent from the 
 meeting. ... [He] was sitting for a photo shoot for a planned Time magazine cover 
 story. ... [Kushner] is positioning himself to be the overseer of something of even 
 greater personal interest to his father-in-law: Mr. Trump's 2020 re-election 
 campaign. ... [Kushner] sees no reason to involve himself as extensively in 
 international issues now that the State Department is run by [Mike] Pompeo, whom 
 he sees as far more competent than his predecessor, Rex W. Tillerson." 
 -- Mike Bloomberg won't release the women who sued him from their 
 nondisclosure agreements. From ABC News: "'You can't just walk away from it,' 
 Bloomberg said. 'They're legal agreements, and for all I know the other side 
 wouldn't want to get out of it.' Last month, ABC News reported on several lawsuits 
 in which Bloomberg was accused of making crude remarks in the 1990s and 
 of allegedly fostering an uncomfortable environment for women to work —
 allegations Bloomberg has denied. Three cases against the company remain 
 active. ABC News has spoken with several women who expressed interest in 
 telling their stories who were subject to confidentiality agreements, but said they 
 feared the prospect of facing retribution from the company for speaking out." 
 -- Tom Steyer appears to have qualified for the seventh Democratic debate, 
 scheduled for next Tuesday night in Iowa, on the strength of Fox News polls 
 that found him with double-digit support in Nevada and South Carolina. David 
 Weigel reports: "Steyer, who has spent more than $115 million on his campaign so 
 far, hit 12 percent in the network's poll of Nevada ... and 15 percent in South 
 Carolina. ... It came after Steyer poured more than $20 million into commercials 
 and other advertising in these states as of this week, with $11.2 million worth of 
 EFTA00032542
expenditures in South Carolina and $10.3 million in Nevada. He has also spent 
 heavily to attract hundreds of thousands of small-dollar donations, which the DNC 
 requires for debate access." 
 -- The Fox News Nevada poll also shows Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders 
 vying for the lead in the state: "Biden tops Sanders by 23-17 percent among 
 Democratic caucusgoers, with both down one percentage point since November. 
 [Elizabeth] Warren comes in at 12 percent, down from 18 percent — and ties with 
 [Steyer] for third." 
 -- A new Monmouth Poll shows a four-way fight in the New Hampshire 
 Democratic primary: "Among registered New Hampshire Democrats and 
 unaffiliated voters who are likely to participate in the February 2020 Democratic 
 primary, 20% currently support [Pete] Buttigieg, 19% back Biden, 18% back 
 Sanders, and 15% back Warren.... Compared to Monmouth's last New Hampshire 
 poll in September, Buttigieg's support has grown by 10 points (from 10%) and 
 Sanders' support has increased by 6 points (from 12%). Warren's support has 
 dropped by 12 points (from 27%) and Biden's has decreased by 6 points (from 
 25%)." 
 -- Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti endorsed Biden. From the Los Angeles 
 Times: "Garcetti will be one of Biden's highest-profile supporters in California's 
 March 3 primary, but the endorsement is unlikely to have any practical effect on the 
 highly competitive race. Dianne Feinstein, the state's senior U.S. senator, is also 
 supporting Biden. And Long Beach Mayor Robert Garcia, who had endorsed 
 California Sen. Kamala Harris before she dropped out of the presidential race, also 
 announced his support for Biden on Thursday." 
 -- Fun read: Philadelphians looking for love on Tinder may have come across 
 "Daddy Bernie," a profile set up for Sanders by a local man who just wants to 
 inform people on the dating app about his favorite candidate. From the 
 Philadelphia Inquirer: "Alex Scheinberg, 26, is not a senator from Vermont. Or any 
 EFTA00032543
other state. He actually doesn't have a job. And he lives in his childhood home. 
 But, Scheinberg said, that gives him more time to mix politics and pleasure in order 
 to promote his favorite candidate in a forum that's increasingly becoming a venue 
 for political endorsement and engagement. ... Scheinberg has his Tinder profile set 
 to see all genders and sexual orientations, though he is straight. This way, he said, 
 he can maximize the number of people seeing Sanders' campaign message. 
 That's the same reason he swipes right on almost everyone, to reach as many 
 people as possible. (For those who don't have to experience the horror show that 
 is modern online dating, swiping right on a profile means you're interested. Swiping 
 left, not so much.)" 
 SOCIAL MEDIA SPEED READ: 
 One of Vice President Pence's children got married at the Naval Academy over the 
 holidays: 
 A former senior adviser to Obama made this observation about the passenger 
 plane shot down in Iran: 
 A Republican senator from South Carolina had a flip response when confronted by 
 a protester: 
 An alarming number of registered voters in our country cannot even place Iran on a 
 map: 
 EFTA00032544
;2, 
 The White House press secretary turned down an offer to support a charity in 
 exchange for giving a news conference. In other news, irony is dead: 
 A Republican senator met with a Democratic colleague to talk about climate 
 change. Both have run unsuccessfully for president, but the Democrat's campaign 
 is still active: 
 1;2 
 Marianne Williamson, who is also still in the presidential race, called out the lack of 
 diversity among Trump's top advisers: 
 John Kerry joined Joe Biden in Iowa: 
 Billionaires are making themselves heard in the presidential race: 
 And the House majority whip, Rep. Jim Clyburn (D-S.C.), shared a touching story 
 about his wife, who recently passed away: 
 EFTA00032545
VIDEOS OF THE DAY: 
 You received this email because you signed up for The Daily 202 or because it is included in your subscription. 
 Manage my email newsletters and alerts I Unsubscribe from The Daily 202 
 Stephen Colbert joked that he was ruining Republican Sen. Mike Lee's political 
 career by agreeing with him on hisPerilfatiifta Bribe White House's Iran briefing: 
 lett' @2020 The Washington Post I 1301 K St NW. Washington DC 20071 
 Seth Meyers also went through Republican senators' comments of the Iran 
 briefing: 
 Trevor Noah gave an explainer on the Australian fires: 
 And Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) has an impressive party trick that the other 
 2020 candidates probably don't: 
 EFTA00032546
U.S. Department of Justice 
 United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 United States Courthouse 
 300 Quarropas Sower 
 White Plains. New York 1060! 
 January 8, 2020 
 BY ECF 
 The Honorable Kenneth M. Karas 
 United States District Judge 
 Southern District of New York 
 300 Quarropas Street 
 White Plains, NY 10601 
 Re: United States v. Nicholas Tartaglione, S4 16 Cr. 832 (KMK) 
 Dear Judge Karas: 
 The Government respectfully submits this letter to provide a further update to the Court 
 regarding the defense's request for video footage from outside the defendant's cell at the 
 Metropolitan Correctional Center ("MCC") on July 22 — July 23, 2019 (the "Requested Video"). 
 On or about December 19, 2019, the Government informed the Court and defense counsel that it 
 had confirmed with MCC staff that the Requested Video had been preserved, and that the 
 Government was working to obtain a copy from MCC. As set forth in greater detail below, the 
 Government has learned that the MCC inadvertently preserved video from the wrong tier within 
 the MCC, and, as a result, video from outside the defendant's cell on July 22 — 23, 2019 no longer 
 exists. 
 On or about July 23, 2019, at approximately 1:27 a.m., MCC corrections officers responded 
 to the cell ("Cell-1") that the defendant shared with Jeffrey Epstein. On or about July 25, 2019, 
 defense counsel requested that MCC preserve video footage from outside the defendant's cell from 
 July 22, 2019 at 11:00 p.m. through July 23, 2019 at 4:00 a.m. From speaking with MCC legal 
 counsel, the Government understands that in response to this request, MCC legal counsel looked 
 up the defendant's cell in the MCC computer system and thereafter requested that MCC staff 
 preserve video from outside of the cell for the requested time period. An MCC staff member 
 confirmed that the video had been preserved. 
 On or about January 3, 2020, the Government obtained a copy of the Requested Video 
 from the MCC, and converted it into a playable format. After reviewing the video, it appeared to 
 the Government that the footage contained on the Requested Video was for the correct date and 
 time, but captured a different tier than the one where Cell-1 was located because the Requested 
 Video did not show corrections officers responding to any of the cells seen on the video. After 
 speaking with MCC legal counsel, the Government understands that the MCC computer system 
 incorrectly listed the defendant's cell for the time period in question ("Cell-2"). Therefore, when 
 EFTA00032547
January 8, 2020 
 Page 2 of 2 
 MCC legal counsel asked that the video outside of the defendant's cell be preserved, the MCC 
 preserved video outside of Cell-2 instead of Cell-1. 
 The Government understands from speaking with MCC legal counsel that there was a 
 backup system in place that housed all video for the Special Housing Unit, including the Requested 
 Video. The Government further understands from the Federal Bureau of Investigation that it has 
 reviewed that backup system as part of an unrelated investigation and determined that the 
 Requested Video no longer exists on the backup system and has not since at least August 2019. 
 The Government will make the video of the tier containing Cell-2 available for defense 
 counsel's review at the United States Attorney's Office. 
 Respectfully submitted, 
 GEOFFREY S. BERMAN 
 United States Attorney 
 By:  Is/
 Assistant United States Attorneys 
 Cc: Counsel of record (by ECF) 
 EFTA00032548
From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To: 
 Subject: Bridgegate lb Reach High Court In McDonnell's Shadow 
 Date: "Cue, 14 Jan 2020 08:27:22 +0000 
 ;law360 White 
 Collar 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Tuesday, January 14, 2020 G Follow Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Analysis 
 Bridgegate To Reach High Court In McDonnell's Shadow 
 The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday will explore the line where political 
 mischief turns criminal in the wake of its landmark McDonnell decision, with 
 justices examining whether prosecutors in the so-called Bridgegate case 
 overreached in applying federal statutes to a scheme to realign lanes on the 
 George Washington Bridge. 
 Read full article » 
 Ex-FinCEN Staffer Cops To BuzzFeed Russia Probe Leaks 
 A former senior adviser at the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Financial 
 Crimes Enforcement Network on Monday admitted to revealing banks' 
 suspicious activity reports related to a probe of Russia's efforts to influence 
 the 2016 presidential election to a journalist. 
 Read full article » 
 Feds Dispute Ariad Insider Suspect's 'Wrong Man' Theory 
 Federal prosecutors asked a Manhattan jury Monday to rely on what they call 
 "overwhelming" circumstantial evidence to convict an entrepreneur of leaking 
 secrets about his father's pharmaceutical company to a trader friend, pushing 
 back against a defense theory that another suspect is the tipper. 
 Read full article » 
 Jury Hears Of Ex-Barbados Official's Purported Corruption 
 Jurors on Monday heard of "lies, corruption and greed" as the trial began for 
 a former Barbados government official accused of laundering money from 
 bribes he took while steering state contracts to an insurance company. 
 Read full article » 
 Startup's CEO Stole Investor Cash For Maserati, Jury Told 
 Federal prosecutors kicked off the money laundering trial of Sanovas Inc. 
 CEO Lawrence Gerrans on Monday, telling a San Francisco jury that the 
 medical device startup executive embezzled nearly $3 million from investors 
 — money he spent on a mansion, a Maserati and a $50,000 diamond ring. 
 Read full article » 
 Weinstein Judge Threatens Jail For Jurors' Social Media Posts 
 A Manhattan state court judge presiding over the rape trial of Harvey 
 Weinstein warned prospective jurors — including supermodel Gigi Hadid —
 not to post on social media about their experience, threatening possible jail 
 time for anyone violating a court order against it. 
 `''.,Law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Aidala Bertuna 
 Atrium LLP 
 Baker Donelson 
 Bona Law PC 
 Bonsignore Trial Lawyers 
 Brafman & Associates 
 Butler Snow LLP 
 Cadwalader Wickersham 
 Cleary Gottlieb 
 Cloth Fair Chambers 
 Dechert 
 Donnelly Conroy 
 Fick & Marx 
 Fishman Haygood 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Javerbaum Wurgaft 
 Kasowitz Benson 
 Keker Van Nest & Peters 
 Kemp Jones 
 King & Spalding 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Lewis Baach 
 EFTA00032549
Read full article » 
 SECURITIES 
 Asset Manager Pleads Guilty In $164M Pump-And-Dump Scam 
 The accused mastermind of a $164 million international pump-and-dump 
 stock scheme pled guilty to securities fraud and conspiracy to commit 
 securities fraud in Boston federal court Monday. 
 Read full article » 
 Ex -Deutsche Trader Says DOJ Outsourced Spoofing Probe 
 A former trader at Deutsche Bank is seeking to convince an Illinois federal 
 judge that prosecutors outsourced their investigation into spoofing to the 
 bank and its counsel at Linklaters, Cadwalader and Kirkland, raising the 
 same constitutional rights issue as in U.S. v. Connolly. 
 6 documents attached I Read full article » 
 FDA Slams Theranos Execs"Unprecedented' Doc Bid 
 A U.S. Food and Drug Administration attorney on Monday criticized demands 
 by former Theranos CEO Elizabeth Holmes and another executive for 
 internal documents to help them prepare their criminal defense against fraud 
 charges, saying the scope of the requests are "wholly unprecedented" and 
 diverting the agency's valuable resources. 
 Read full article » 
 BANK FRAUD 
 Qatar Move To Steer Biz To Barclays There 'In Black & White' 
 There is clear evidence that Qatar tried to steer business toward Barclays 
 after it struck a controversial side deal with the country that prosecutors 
 allege was used to hide payments linked to emergency fundraising, a former 
 bank executive told a jury on Monday. 
 Read full article » 
 'Cocaine Cowboy' Can't Kick Conviction For Car Fraud 
 Former drug trafficker Michael "Mickey" Munday couldn't shake his fraud 
 conviction and 12-year prison sentence after the Eleventh Circuit upheld a 
 Florida federal court's ruling over a $1.7 million vehicle "title-washing" 
 scheme Monday. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 Banks Call TelexFree Suit Revision A Waste of Time 
 A slew of financial services providers including Wells Fargo, Bank of America, 
 TD Bank and PwC pushed back Friday in Massachusetts federal court 
 against an attempt to revise allegations linking them to the TelexFree Ponzi 
 scheme, arguing the repeat bids for revision are wasting the court's time. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 LEGAL ETHICS 
 Pierce Bainbridge Says Ex-Partner's Suit Must Be Arbitrated 
 Pierce Bainbridge has told a New York state court that a contentious 
 defamation suit by a former partner belongs in arbitration, saying that the 
 partner signed an arbitration agreement when he was hired. 
 Read full article » 
 HEALTH 
 Ex-Insys Exec Gets Nearly 3 Years For Opioid Kickbacks 
 Linklaters 
 Lucas Magazine 
 Mayer Brown 
 McGuireWoods 
 Milton Laurence 
 Miner Orkand 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Morrison & Foerster 
 Mukasey Frenchman 
 Nutter McClennen 
 O'Melveny & Myers 
 Orrick 
 Outten & Golden 
 Paul Weiss 
 Pierce Bainbridge 
 Proskauer Rose 
 QEB Hollis Whiteman 
 Reed Smith 
 Riemer & Braunstein 
 Robinson Bradshaw 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Saul Ewing 
 Saveri & Saveri 
 Shaheen & Gordon 
 Sideman & Bancroft 
 Skadden 
 Steptoe & Johnson LLP 
 Sullivan & Cromwell 
 Three Raymond Buildings 
 Todd & Weld 
 Watkins & Eager 
 White & Case 
 Wilkinson Walsh 
 Williams & Connolly 
 WilmerHale 
 Zeichner Ellman 
 COMPANIES 
 American Bankers Association 
 American Bar Association 
 Andreessen Horowitz LLC 
 BNP Paribas SA 
 Bank of America Corp. 
 BuzzFeed Inc. 
 Centerview Partners LLC 
 Clearspire 
 DISH Network LLC 
 Deutsche Bank AG 
 Deutsche Telekom AG 
 Facebook Inc. 
 International Payout Systems Inc. 
 EFTA00032550
From: (USANYS)" <MIMIMIE> 
 To: (USANYS)" 
 c lIMIN> 
 Subject: 2020-09-28 GM letter to Judge Nathan re discovery from other agencies v2.rc.docx 
 Date: Wed, 30 Sep 2020 15:08:44 +0000 
 Attachments: 2020-09-28_GM _letter to_Judge_Nathan_re_discovery_from_other_agencies_v2sc.docx 
 I've added some minor edits and a few comments. 
 EFTA00031975
A former Insys Therapeutics Inc. executive was sentenced to 33 months in 
 prison for his role in an opioid kickback scheme after a Massachusetts 
 federal judge heard emotional testimony Monday from patients who said their 
 lives had been ruined by the drug. 
 Read full article » 
 Insys Judge Wonders If Potential Punishment Is Too Harsh 
 The Massachusetts federal judge overseeing the case of seven former Insys 
 Therapeutics Inc. executives convicted in an opioid kickback scheme said 
 Monday that the lengthy sentencing guidelines and the government's $306 
 million dollar restitution ask may be too severe for the conduct at issue. 
 Read full article » 
 COMPETITION 
 Justices Skip Case Over 'Per Se' Rule In Antitrust Convictions 
 The U.S. Supreme Court declined Monday to review criminal antitrust 
 convictions handed down against three California residents for bid-rigging, 
 despite arguments from criminal justice nonprofits that the way federal 
 prosecutors went after the violations is unconstitutional. 
 Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 FinCEN's Most Lethal AML Weapon Against Foreign Banks 
 As the U.S. Financial Crimes Enforcement Network plans to increase its use 
 of so-called special measures under the USA Patriot Act, it is a good bet 
 FinCEN will focus its efforts to exile foreign banks it believes pose a money 
 laundering threat to the U.S. financial system, says Arthur Middlemiss at 
 Lewis Baach. 
 Read full article » 
 Series 
 Judging A Book: Dyk Reviews 'Democracy And Equality' 
 In their new book "Democracy and Equality: The Enduring Constitutional 
 Vision of the Warren Court," Geoffrey Stone and David Strauss provide 
 valuable context for U.S. Supreme Court decisions under Chief Justice Earl 
 Warren that have profoundly affected the country, but their overly protective 
 attitude sometimes obscures reality, says Federal Circuit Judge Timothy Dyk. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 'NewLaw' Firm Atrium Lays Off Attorneys And Staff 
 Venture capital-backed legal technology company and corporate law firm 
 Atrium has reportedly laid off a number of attorneys and staff just over two 
 years after its splashy entrance into the legal market and less than a year 
 after one of its co-founders left the company. 
 Read full article » 
 Firm Leaders Expect Sluggish Growth, Worsening Economy 
 Law firm managers scanning the horizon in early 2020 have an increasingly 
 pessimistic outlook on both firm performance and the economy, according to 
 a new report, with firm leaders' confidence in the U.S. economy dipping 
 below neutral for the first time in over three years. 
 Read full article » 
 Ex-Kasowitz Atty Says He Was Victim Of Racial, Gay Bias 
 A former partner at Kasowitz Benson Torres LLP is suing the firm in California 
 court, alleging he faced discrimination because he's black and gay before 
 Law Foundation of Silicon Valley 
 Linkedln Corp. 
 Maserati North America Inc. 
 Oxford University Press Ltd. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers 
 International Ltd. 
 ProPay Inc. 
 Sprint Nextel Corporation 
 T -Mobile US Inc. 
 TelexFree LLC 
 The New York Times Co. 
 Toronto -Dominion Bank 
 Wells Fargo & Co. 
 ZTE Corp. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 California Labor and Workforce 
 Development Agency 
 Centers for Medicare & Medicaid 
 Services 
 European Central Bank 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Financial Crimes Enforcement 
 Network 
 Food and Drug Administration 
 Port Authority of New York & New 
 Jersey 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 Serious Fraud Office 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
 Eleventh Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
 Federal Circuit 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of the Treasury 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Massachusetts 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of California 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of Illinois 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of Mississippi 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 EFTA00032551
being suddenly fired. 
 Read full article » 
 Ex-Facebook GC Approved To Monitor Sprint/T-Mobile Merger 
 A D.C. federal judge overseeing the government's settlement allowing T-
 Mobile to buy Sprint has approved the appointment of former Facebook 
 general counsel Theodore W. Ullyot to monitor compliance with the $56 
 billion deal should it get greenlighted by the court. 
 Read full article » 
 Ex -King & Spalding Atty Asks To Exclude News Articles 
 A former King & Spalding LLP associate who says he was fired for raising 
 ethical red flags at the firm asked a New York court Friday to revisit the issue 
 of allowing trial testimony about news coverage of his fee fight with a former 
 counsel and a related court decision. 
 Read full article » 
 Harvard Law Prof Lessig Sues NYT For 'Clickbait Defamation' 
 Harvard Law School professor Lawrence Lessig launched what he called a 
 "clickbait defamation" action against The New York Times on Monday in 
 Massachusetts federal court, claiming an article in the newspaper falsely 
 implied he defended the notion of taking charitable donations from Jeffrey 
 Epstein. 
 Read full article » 
 Receiver Says Baker Donelson Must Face Timber Scam Suit 
 A court-appointed receiver for a timber mill business in Mississippi embroiled 
 in Ponzi scheme allegations is defending her suit against Baker Donelson 
 Bearman Caldwell & Berkowitz PC, contending she can sue the firm now 
 because she also represents the business' investors. 
 Read full article » 
 Interview 
 15 Minutes With Peet's Coffee's General Counsel 
 For general counsel Kristin Ashurst, one of the most exciting aspects of the 
 new year is Peet's Coffee's growing e-commerce channel. Here, she shares 
 what that means for her legal team, her biggest triumph as a lawyer and what 
 she looks for in attorneys who want to join her in-house department. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Staff Attorney (Philadelphia, PA Office) 
 McCarter & English. LLP 
 Philadelphia , Pennsylvania 
 White Collar & Investigations Associate 
 Attorney - Midlevel 
 Perkins Coie LLP 
 Seattle, Washington 
 Not suit if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive name emails of this sort 
 you may unsubsciibe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer suppon inquiries, please call + I -646-781.7ICO or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law3601 Ponfolio Media. Inc. Ill West 19th Street. Sth Floor. New York, NY 10011 
 EFTA00032552
From: ' "  
 To:' " ": 
 > 
 Subject: DAG Visit 
 Date: Wed, 15 Jan 2020 18:25:28 +0000 
 • EDNY, SDNY, JTTF: 9:30-11:30 
 • SDNY 
 o Meet senior management team 
 o Epstein 
 I Counsel to the U.S. Attorney 
 U.S. Attorneys Office for the Southern District of New York 
 One St. Andrew's Plaza, New York. New York 10007 
 Desk: 
 EFTA00032553
From: 
 • 
 To: (USANYS)"  
 Cc: alSSANa>.;a .•1Mir) 
 I. 
 Subject: RE: Epstein 
 Date: Fri, 17 Jan 2020 17:49:26 +0000 
 Attachments: 2019-07-
 °8, JE,_initial_govemment_bail_memorandumjas_submitted_to_Judge_Pittnan).pdf; 
 2019-07-12, JE,_govemment_opposition_to_bail_motionidocketed,with_exhibits).pdf 
 No problem — nothing was filed under seal, and both of our submissions are attached. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 cu
 Sent: Friday, January 17, 2020 11:41 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Epstein 
 (USANYS) 
 Can you guys please send me our filings on bail when you can? Want to provide to Civ Div, so please let me know if 
 anything was filed under seal. 
 Co -Chief, Public Corruption Unit 
 U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032554
Department of Justice 
 EXECUTIVE SECRETARIAT 
 CONTROL SHEET 
 DATE OF DOCUMENT: 
 DATE RECEIVED: 
 FROM: 
 TO: 
 MAIL TYPE: 
 SUBJECT: 
 DATE ASSIGNED 
 09/10/2019 
 INFO COMPONENT: 
 COMMENTS: 
 FILE CODE: 
 EXECSEC POC: 
 8/13/2019 WORKFLOW ID: 4319870 
 8/21/2019 DUE DATE: 9/24/2019 
 Arlan Ettinger* 
 President 
 Guernse 's Auction House 
 AG 
 General Mail 
 Regarding the property of the late Jeffrey Epstein will be disposed of and, to this 
 end, Guernsey's is ideally suited to both maximizing the financial potential of 
 said property while spreading nationwide messages in support of young women. 
 Guernsey's has worked with many of our nation's most prominent museums 
 including the Smithsonian, and have raised substantial amounts for countless 
 non-profit and charitable organizations. Advising, Guernsey's is capable of 
 handling the property of the late Jeffrey Epstein. Enclosing a Itr from Judge 
 Burton regarding the Estate and Trust of Mrs. Rosa. L Parks. 
 ACTION COMPONENT & ACTION REOUESTED 
 EOUSA 
 For appropriate handling. Advise ES of any action taken. 
 OAG, ODAG, OASG 
 09/10/2019: Per ODAG, assign to EOUSA-SDNY 
 09/05/2019: Neither CRM, BOP nor EOUSA will accept assignment of this WF. 
 Forwarded to for ODAG assignment guidance. 
 PRESCOTT Lawanda: 
 EFTA00032555
From: New York Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To:
 Subject: States 'Stepped Into The Breach' As Crypto Market Exploded 
 Date: Thu, 27 Jun 2019 08:59:11 +0000 
 cIaw360 New York 
 NEW YORK 
 Thursday, June 27, 2019 Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Analysis 
 States 'Stepped Into The Breach' As Crypto Market Exploded 
 While the eyes of the investing public have been trained on the U.S. 
 Securities and Exchange Commission's efforts to police the nascent 
 cryptocurrency market over the past 18 months, New York's attorney general 
 turned heads in April when she accused digital currency trading platform 
 Bitfinex of hiding the loss of $850 million by tapping into the reserves of an 
 affiliated cryptocurrency. 
 Read full article » 
 2nd Circ. Ponders Lehman 'Mistake' Claim In Safe Harbor Suit 
 A Lehman Brothers unit pitched the Second Circuit on Wednesday on the 
 idea that contract language relied on by the lower courts to approve financial 
 crisis -era payments may have been just "stray words" in the paperwork. 
 Read full article » 
 2nd Circ. Iffy On Goldman 'Re-Fight' Of CDO Class Cert. Issues 
 Federal appeals court judges piled on Goldman Sachs on Wednesday, 
 asking why it was trying to "re-fight" settled issues before the appeals court in 
 a securities class action brought by investors who claim the financier lost $1 
 billion after lying to them. 
 Read full article » 
 2nd Of 5 NY Docs Eyed For Taking Insys Kickbacks Cops Plea 
 A doctor admitted Wednesday to taking cash from Insys Inc. to prescribe its 
 Subsys painkiller to patients, becoming the second of five New York 
 physicians charged in Manhattan federal court to admit guilt in an anti-
 kickback prosecution. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 Feds Are Full Of Lies, Platinum Boss Tells Jury 
 An attorney for Platinum Partners co-founder Mark Nordlicht on Wednesday 
 sought to turn the tables on prosecutors in closing arguments, accusing the 
 government of peddling more lies at trial than top executives at the defunct 
 hedge fund are alleged to have told to investors. 
 Read full article » 
 High Court Nixes State Residency Reqs. For Liquor Licenses 
 The U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday struck down a Tennessee law that 
 requires businesses to maintain residency for two years before receiving a 
 ;",Law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Akerman 
 Baker Botts 
 BakerHostetler 
 Ballard Spahr 
 Barrett & Singal PC 
 Best Best & Krieger 
 Boies Schiller 
 Browne George 
 Buckley Beal 
 CKR Law LLP 
 Cahill Gordon 
 Chapman and Cutler 
 Choate 
 Cleary Gottlieb 
 Clifford Chance 
 Console Mattiacci 
 Cooley 
 Cotchett Pitre 
 Covington & Burling 
 Cozen O'Connor 
 Cravath Swaine 
 Davis Polk 
 Dechert 
 EFTA00032556
liquor license, saying the requirement violates the Constitution's commerce 
 clause. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 CYBERSECURITY & PRIVACY 
 Debt Collector Sued Over Medical Provider Data Breach 
 Bankrupt collections firm Retrieval-Masters Creditors Bureau Inc. is facing a 
 proposed class action in New York bankruptcy court claiming it knew of a 
 data breach affecting millions of patients, including 11.9 million Quest 
 Diagnostics Inc. patients, months before it became public. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 Lionbridge Slams $300M Trade Secrets Suit As 'Frivolous' 
 Translation company Lionbridge Technologies fired back at accusations that 
 it had feigned interest in purchasing rival TransPerfect Global at a court-
 ordered auction just to lift the company's trade secrets, slamming the lawsuit 
 as "frivolous" in Manhattan federal court on Wednesday. 
 Motion attached I Read full article » 
 MEDIA & ENTERTAINMENT 
 Picasso Painting Can Stay At The Met, 2nd Circ. Rules 
 The Metropolitan Museum of Art can keep a Pablo Picasso painting sold by a 
 Jewish industrialist to raise money to escape Nazi persecution, as the 
 Second Circuit ruled Wednesday that a $100 million suit brought by a relative 
 of the businessman was filed too late. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 EMPLOYMENT 
 Ex-CKR Law Marketer Alleges Sexually Hostile Workplace 
 The former marketing director for CKR Law LLP was "repeatedly subjected to 
 a sexually hostile work environment," and was fired after she caught her 
 assistant kissing a managing partner at the firm, according to a suit filed 
 Wednesday in New York state court. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 Title VII Protects Us, LGBTQ Workers Tell Supreme Court 
 The gay and transgender workers behind a trio of U.S. Supreme Court cases 
 asking whether federal law shields LGBTQ workers from job discrimination 
 fi led their opening briefs Wednesday, arguing that Title VII's ban on gender-
 based bias covers them. 
 3 documents attached I Read full article » 
 BENEFITS 
 Express Scripts Calls MTA Prescription Fraud Suit 'Fantasy' 
 The New York City Transit Authority resorted to "fantasy" by fudging contract 
 terms in its lawsuit accusing Express Scripts of failing to root out millions of 
 dollars in excessive prescription drug claims, the nation's largest pharmacy 
 benefits manager told a Manhattan federal court Tuesday. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 SECURITIES & WHITE COLLAR 
 Dorsey & Whitney 
 Foley Hoag 
 Ford O'Brien 
 Fried Frank 
 Fuerst Ittleman 
 Garvey Schubert 
 Gibbons PC 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Girardi & Keese 
 Goldstein & Russell 
 Goodwin 
 Herrick Feinstein 
 Hodgson Russ 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Holland & Knight 
 Hughes Hubbard 
 Husch Blackwell 
 Jackson Walker 
 Jones Day 
 Katten Muchin 
 Kay Griffin 
 Kellogg Hansen 
 Kirby McInerney 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Kruzhkov Russo 
 Labaton Sucharow 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Lieff Cabraser 
 Littler Mendelson 
 Locke Lord 
 Lovell Stewart 
 Mayer Brown 
 McDermott Will 
 McKool Smith 
 Milbank LLP 
 Monteverde & Associates 
 Morrison Cohen 
 Niedweske Barber 
 Nixon Peabody 
 O'Melveny & Myers 
 Orrick Herrington 
 Patterson Belknap 
 Paul Hastings 
 Paul Weiss 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Richards Layton 
 Robins Kaplan 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Sidley Austin 
 Simpson Thacher 
 Skadden 
 EFTA00032557
Bribe Go-Between For Billionaire And Diplomat Avoids Prison 
 A China-born naturalized U.S. citizen who facilitated bribe payments from 
 incarcerated Macau real estate billionaire Ng Lap Seng to a former U.N. 
 diplomat avoided prison Wednesday as a Manhattan federal judge credited 
 her cooperation with prosecutors. 
 Read full article » 
 BANKRUPTCY 
 BlueHippo Contempt Ruling Violated Automatic Stay: 2nd Circ. 
 The disgraced CEO of alleged consumer lending scam BlueHippo Funding 
 LLC bought himself more time Wednesday as he grapples with a $13.4 
 million judgment, after the Second Circuit found that a lower court violated 
 the automatic stay by finding him in contempt just days after he had filed for 
 personal bankruptcy. 
 Order attached I Read full article 
 BANKING 
 US Bank Hits BofA With Buyback Suit Over $1.6B RMBS Trust 
 U.S. Bank said in a New York federal court lawsuit filed Tuesday that a $1.6 
 billion residential mortgage-backed securities trust it oversees is teeming with 
 defective loans that Bank of America is liable for and should be forced to 
 shoulder the responsibility of cleaning up. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 Philly And Citibank Resolve Libor-Rigging Claims In MDL 
 Philadelphia and Citibank got approval for stipulations that would free the 
 fi nancial institution from the city's antitrust claims in two lawsuits lodged in the 
 long -running litigation. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 SPORTS & BETTING 
 Orioles Urge NY Court To Throw Out Nats' Arbitration Award 
 The Baltimore Orioles and Mid-Atlantic Sports Network have asked a New 
 York state court to throw out an arbitration award in their ongoing fight with 
 the Washington Nationals over profits, calling the decision from the MLB-run 
 Revenue Sharing Definitions Committee "fundamentally unfair." 
 Memorandum attached l Read full article
 TELECOMMUNICATIONS 
 Telecom Co. Hit With $4.2M Judgment In Unpaid Loan Action 
 A New York federal judge has slapped an American telecommunications 
 company with a more than $4.2 million judgment after it failed to participate in 
 a Swiss investment vehicle's litigation seeking to confirm an arbitral award 
 over money owed under a loan agreement. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 REAL ESTATE & DEVELOPMENT 
 REIT Investor's Atty Fees Denied In Merger Suit 
 Counsel for an investor in Select Income Real Estate Investment Trust 
 cannot collect $350,000 in attorney fees in a proposed class action over a 
 planned merger with Government Properties REIT because their eligibility for 
 an award is unclear, a New York federal judge said Tuesday. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 Sullivan & Cromwell 
 Thornton Law Firm LLP 
 Troutman Sanders 
 Van Ness Law Firm 
 Wachtell Lipton 
 Williams & Connolly 
 WilmerHale 
 Wilson Sonsini 
 Wollmuth Maher 
 Wuersch & Gering 
 Young Conaway 
 Zimmerman Law Offices PC 
 Zuckerman Spaeder 
 COMPANIES 
 Alliance Defending Freedom 
 Altman Weil Inc. 
 American Arbitration Association 
 American Civil Liberties Union 
 Baltimore Orioles 
 Bank of America Corp. 
 Citigroup Inc. 
 Credit Suisse Group AG 
 Deutsche Bank AG 
 Express Scripts Holding Co. 
 Facebook Inc. 
 Fannie Mae 
 First Franklin Corp. 
 Fox Corp. 
 Freddie Mac 
 General Motors 
 Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 
 HSBC Holdings PLC 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 Leadership Council on Legal 
 Diversity 
 Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. 
 Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. 
 Major League Baseball Inc. 
 Major Lindsey & Africa 
 Metropolitan Museum of Art 
 New York City Transit Authority 
 New York Times Co. 
 North American Securities 
 Administrators Association 
 Platinum Partners LP 
 Quest Diagnostics Inc. 
 Rivada Networks LLC 
 Select Income REIT 
 State Bar of California 
 State Street Corp. 
 EFTA00032558
Real Estate Rumors: Chess Builders, Stellar, Rieber 
 Developer Chess Builders has reportedly landed $65 million in financing for a 
 South Bronx hotel and residential project, Stellar Management is said to have 
 sold a Bronx apartment building for $76.3 million and Rieber Developments 
 has reportedly scored a $36 million loan for a Florida hotel and office project. 
 Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 The Upside Of The Fastest Chapter 11 Confirmation Ever 
 Setting the record for fastest confirmation of a Chapter 11 plan in U.S. history, 
 Sungard Availability Services Capital confirmed a prepackaged plan of 
 reorganization 19 hours after filing for bankruptcy. This and other recent 
 precedents may enable future debtors to bypass costly, lengthy stays in 
 bankruptcy, say Hugh McDonald and Alissa Piccione of Troutman Sanders. 
 Read full article » 
 Q&A 
 A Chat With Ballard Spahr Diversity Chief Virginia Essandoh 
 In the final installment of this monthly series, legal recruiting expert Carlos 
 Pauling from Major Lindsey & Africa talks with Virginia Essandoh about the 
 trends and challenges she sees as chief diversity officer at Ballard Spahr. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Del. Justices Rip Sullivan Atty For Client's Deposition 'Fiasco' 
 The Delaware Supreme Court has reprimanded a Sullivan & Cromwell LLP 
 attorney for failing to put an end to his Tony Award-winning client's "flagrantly 
 evasive" and "flippant answers" in a deposition, garnering social media 
 attention from attorneys who marveled at the strongly worded chiding. 
 Read full article » 
 This BigLaw Firm Retains Best-To-Work-For Title 
 O'Melveny & Myers LLP has earned recognition as the best law firm to work 
 for, running the table on Vault.com's quality of life, diversity and summer 
 associate program rankings and garnering praise from associates for its 
 "exceptional," "friendly" and "laid-back" culture. 
 Read full article » 
 Stark Gender Pay Gap Remains For Solo Attys, Small Firms 
 Male attorneys who either work at small firms or have solo practices on 
 average earned 56.8% more than their female counterparts in 2018, 
 according to a report by legal services company Martindale-Awo. 
 Read full article » 
 Do 'Good Old Boys' Get Picked To Be Judges? GOP Sen. Asks 
 A Republican U.S. senator asked four district court nominees if they think the 
 judicial selection process puts "good old boys" on the federal bench over 
 candidates with stronger conservative bona fides, after the senator was 
 called out by a right-leaning publication for hewing to an "old system." 
 Read full article » 
 Justices Uphold Deference To Regulators, With Caveats 
 The U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday refused to overturn a long-standing 
 doctrine requiring judges to defer to an agency's interpretation of its 
 regulations, but said that "Auer deference" should only be used in certain 
 cases. 
 Read full article » 
 SunGard Data Systems 
 Sungard Availability Services LP 
 Swiss Re 
 The Walt Disney Co. 
 Total Wine & More 
 TransPerfect Global Inc. 
 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corp. 
 U.S. Bancorp 
 UBS AG 
 Washington Nationals 
 Wells Fargo & Co. 
 Yale University 
 iFinex Inc. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 California Supreme Court 
 Delaware Court of Chancery 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 Commission 
 European Union 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Internal Revenue Service 
 Massachusetts Supreme Judicial 
 Court 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 Tennessee Attorney General's 
 Office 
 Texas State Securities Board 
 U.S. Attorneys Office 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of Veterans 
 Affairs 
 U.S. Immigration and Customs 
 Enforcement 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 United States Bankruptcy Court for 
 the Southern District of New York 
 United States District Court for the 
 Eastern District of Pennsylvania 
 EFTA00032559
Fox Corp. GC Stepping Down After 22 Years With Company 
 The general counsel of Fox Corp., which formed after a $71.3 billion deal 
 with Disney in March, has announced her plans to step down after more than 
 two decades with the company's predecessor multinational media 
 organizations, the company said Wednesday. 
 Read full article » 
 Facebook, BigLaw Attys Among Calif. Judicial Vetters 
 California Gov. Gavin Newsom made public for the first time Wednesday the 
 names of individuals who vet state judicial candidates, a list that includes a 
 top Facebook lawyer and attorneys from Boies Schiller Flexner LLP and 
 Cooley LLP, along with more than 100 other lawyers and judges from around 
 the state. 
 Read full article » 
 Ex -Gibbons Associate's Sex Bias Claims Sent To Arbitration 
 A former Gibbons PC associate accusing the firm of gender discrimination 
 must hash it out with her onetime employer in arbitration, a Pennsylvania 
 federal judge ruled Wednesday, finding that the lawyer was "well-positioned" 
 to understand exactly what she was signing when she entered into the 
 arbitration agreement at the time of her hiring. 
 Read full article » 
 Labaton Chair Decries 'Unfair' Criticism Of Firm's Political Ties 
 Scrutiny of campaign contributions and other political connections that may 
 have helped Labaton Sucharow secure clients has been "extraordinarily 
 unfair," the firm's chairman testified in Boston federal court Wednesday at a 
 hearing about allegedly improper practices by it and two other firms in a class 
 action against State Street. 
 Read full article » 
 Mass. Justices Urged To Restore Judge's Pay During ICE Case 
 The attorney for a Massachusetts state judge charged with helping an 
 immigrant escape U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement custody 
 urged the state's highest court on Wednesday to reinstate her pay while 
 she's suspended from judicial service, contending that the justices could 
 avoid a constitutional quandary by doing so. 
 Read full article » 
 PACER Fees For Court Opinions Are Arbitrary, Fla. Court Told 
 The government's unwillingness to set guidelines for which court documents 
 should be designated as free-to-download opinions in the federal PACER 
 court filing system is "a wide-scale rampant administrative failure," a Florida 
 attorney challenging the portal's fees said Wednesday. 
 Read full article » 
 Law Firm Leaders: Baker Botts' John Martin 
 Baker Botts managing partner John W. Martin speaks to Law360 about his 
 priorities for his first term, the ways law firms are responding to new 
 competition and how best to achieve smart growth. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Midsized NY LF seeks add'tl up•and-
 coming partners PB $1M+ 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York. New York 
 elite lit boutique // mid level assoc 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York, New York 
 EFTA00032560
From: (USANYS)"  
 To: (USANYS)"  
 Subject: RE: 2020-09-28 GM letter to Judge Nathan re discovery from other agencies v2.rc.docx 
 Date: Wed, 30 Sep 2020 16:41:01 +0000 
 Attachments: 2020-09- 
 28 _ GM_ letter to Judge_Nathan_re_discovery_from_other_agencies_v2.rc.JMM.docx 
 Couple new comments. 
 From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Wednesday, September 30, 2020 11:52 AM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: 2020-09-28 GM letter to Judge Nathan re discovery from other agencies v2.rc.docx 
 When you are done, send it back to me as I have a couple more nits to add. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Wednesday, September 30, 2020 11:09 AM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 Subject: 2020-09-28 GM letter to Judge Nathan re discovery from other agencies v2.rc.docx 
 I've added some minor edits and a few comments. 
 EFTA00031976
Banktcy Boutique Counsel/Partner 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC, New York 
 NYC'Corp'AssoceMithsized*Lifestyle 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC, New York 
 Private Equity Associate 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP 
 New York, New York 
 Contract Trademark Attorney 
 Epstein Drangel LLP 
 New York. New York 
 M&A Associate 
 Perkins Coie LLP 
 New York. New York 
 Stellar mid-sized firm seeks outstanding 
 mid level m&a atty 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC. New York 
 mid level L&E assoc/40 yr old 50 atty NYC 
 firm 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York, New York 
 Capital Markets Associate 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP 
 New York, New York 
 Mid -Level IP Litigation Associate with Solid 
 Experience in Trademark and Copyright 
 Law 
 Epstein Drangel. LLP 
 New York, New York 
 Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this son, 
 you may unsubscribe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For cusromer support inquiries. please call +I-646-781.7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy. 
 Law360I Portfolio Media. Inc. Ill West 19th Street. Sth Floor. New York. NY 10011 
 EFTA00032561
From: Public Policy Law360 <news-q@law360.com> 
 To:
 Subject: Law360 Names Practice Groups Of The Year 
 Date: "Cue, 16 Jan 2018 09:51:00 -=0000 
 ;',Law360 Public 
 Policy 
 PUBLIC POLICY 
 Tuesday, January 16, 2018 Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Law360 Names Practice Groups Of The Year 
 Law360 congratulates the winners of its 2017 Practice Group of the Year 
 awards, which honor the law firms behind the litigation wins and major deals 
 that resonated throughout the legal industry in the past year. Read more » 
 The Firms That Dominated In 2017 
 Law360's Firms of the Year rose above the competition with a combined 24 
 Practice Group of the Year awards after helping their clients win game-
 changing judgments and close record-breaking deals in 2017. Here's a closer 
 look at how they landed at the top. Read more » 
 Analysis 
 Ex -US Attys Say Justice Best Served By Diverse Group 
 Former U.S. attorneys interviewed by Law360 said that having a diverse 
 group of people in the job does more than contribute to positive perceptions 
 of the Department of Justice: it can build bridges, prevent abuse and help 
 DOJ leadership make better decisions. Read more » 
 Gov't Must Pay Halted ACA Funds, Insurer Says 
 The Trump administration indisputably flouted the Affordable Care Act by 
 cutting off millions of dollars in reimbursement for reduced copays and 
 deductibles, a nonprofit health insurer told the U.S. Court of Federal Claims 
 on Friday. Read more » 
 No Major Changes Needed For Tax Bill, Speaker Ryan Says 
 House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., acknowledged in an interview that aired 
 Friday that Congress likely will need to make technical corrections to the $1.5 
 trillion tax bill passed by Congress at the end of last year but added that any 
 changes made likely would be small. Read more » 
 Trump Extends Iran Sanctions Waiver But Wants Deal Remade 
 President Donald Trump has again extended a sanctions waiver granted to 
 Iran under the 2015 nuclear deal, saying Friday it's the final time he will do so 
 unless the deal is significantly overhauled, as his administration announced 
 additional sanctions against certain Iranian and related entities. Read more » 
 Drug, Device Makers Cheer As FDA Punts Off-Label Policy 
 The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday once again delayed a 
 controversial new policy related to off-label promotion, drawing cheers from 
 drug and device makers that have decried the agency's approach. Read 
 more » 
 L 2' ,Law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Akerman 
 Akin Gump 
 Alston & Bird 
 Anderson & Kreiger 
 Archer & Greiner 
 Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer 
 Ausley & McMullen 
 Baker McKenzie 
 BakerHostetler 
 Ballard Spahr 
 Bancroft PLLC 
 Bangs McCullen 
 Barnes & Thornburg 
 Beasley Allen 
 Beveridge & Diamond 
 Bowman and Brooke 
 Bracewell 
 Brach Eichler 
 Brann & Isaacson 
 Bredhoff & Kaiser 
 Caplin & Drysdale 
 Cleary Gottlieb 
 Cohen Milstein 
 EFTA00032562
BANKING & SECURITIES 
 Supreme Court Agrees To Review SEC's In-House Judges 
 The U.S. Supreme Court agreed Friday to consider whether the hiring of U.S. 
 Securities and Exchange Commission administrative law judges violates the 
 appointments clause of the Constitution, a case that could call into question 
 the legitimacy of past rulings by the administrative judges. Read more » 
 Credit Union Argues It Has Power To Challenge CFPB Role 
 A New York credit union on Friday attempted to convince a federal judge that 
 it has the power to bring a lawsuit seeking to challenge President Donald 
 Trump's appointment of a White House official to lead the Consumer 
 Financial Protection Bureau on an acting basis. Read more » 
 ENERGY & ENVIRONMENTAL 
 Researcher Sues EPA For Access To Officials' Emails 
 An environmental researcher and Harvard University librarian on Friday sued 
 the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, alleging it has improperly withheld 
 emails he requested between Administrator Scott Pruitt and his chief of staff, 
 as well as other employees. Read more » 
 Coastal Senators Seek Ban On Drilling In Northeastern US 
 A bipartisan congressional delegation representing the northeastern U.S. this 
 week mounted legislative action aiming to shield the nation's pre-eminent 
 fishing region from a White House plan that would open nearly all American 
 waters to oil and gas drilling next year. Read more » 
 Fracking Case Now Moot, Ute Indian Tribe Tells 10th Circ. 
 The Ute Indian Tribe on Thursday told the Tenth Circuit that an appeal of a 
 lower court order striking down the U.S. Bureau of Land Management's 
 strengthening of regulations for fracking on federal and Native American 
 lands should be tossed, saying the case is moot because the rule at issue 
 has been axed. Read more » 
 GOP Enviro Leaders Support Clean Power Plan Rollback 
 A group of Senate Republicans told the U.S. Environmental Protection 
 Agency in a letter on Friday that they were on board with the agency's 
 proposal to repeal the Obama-era Clean Power Plan, saying the plan would 
 be disastrous for American communities and jobs. Read more » 
 Pa. Court Limits Review Over State's Use Of Gas Lease Funds 
 Following a landmark Pennsylvania Supreme Court ruling last year limiting 
 the state's use of payments from gas leases on public lands, a panel of 
 judges has said that further review in the dispute will not include whether the 
 funds can be put toward a conservation agency's operating costs. Read more 
 TRANSPORTATION & INFRASTRUCTURE 
 DC Circ. Partly Revives Truckers' DOT Safety Records Suit 
 The D.C. Circuit on Friday rejected most of a suit from independent 
 commercial truck drivers alleging the U.S. Department of Transportation 
 mishandled safety citation records that can hurt truckers' job prospects and 
 business reputations, saying there wasn't enough proof of actual harm, but 
 revived two drivers' claims. Read more » 
 INSURANCE 
 Fla. House Passes Bill Aimed At 3rd-Party Insurance Payouts 
 Covington & Burling 
 Crowell & Moring 
 Cullen Law Firm 
 Davis Polk 
 Davis Wright Tremaine 
 Debevoise & Plimpton 
 Dentons 
 Dewey & LeBoeuf 
 Doar Rieck 
 Downs Rachlin 
 Duane Morris 
 Earthjustice 
 Emery Celli 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 Faegre Baker 
 Fenwick & West 
 Fish & Richardson 
 Fredericks Peebles 
 Freshfields 
 Fried Frank 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Goldstein & Russell 
 Goodwin 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Gupta Wessler 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Holland & Knight 
 Horwood Marcus 
 Hughes Hubbard 
 Hunton & Williams 
 Jenner & Block 
 Jones Day 
 Kelley Drye 
 Kellogg Hansen 
 King & Spalding 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Labaton Sucharow 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Littler Mendelson 
 Mayer Brown 
 McDermott Will 
 McKool Smith 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Morrison & Foerster 
 Munger Tolles 
 Norton Rose Fulbright 
 O'Melveny & Myers 
 Ogletree Deakins 
 Oles Morrison 
 Outten & Golden 
 Park Jensen Bennett 
 EFTA00032563
The Florida House of Representatives on Friday passed a bill designed to 
 curtail perceived abuses of a system that allows repair contractors to pursue 
 payment directly from property owners' insurance carriers, which the 
 insurance industry has blamed for increases in premiums. Read more » 
 EMPLOYMENT 
 Trump Taps Morgan Lewis Vet To Round Out NLRB 
 President Donald Trump on Friday selected Morgan Lewis & Bockius LLP 
 partner John Ring to fill the lone vacancy on the five-member National Labor 
 Relations Board, moving to restore a Republican majority that was lost 
 following the departure of board chair Phil Miscimarra in December. Read 
 more » 
 Public Workers, Ill. AG Back Union Fees At High Court 
 The American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees and 
 Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan urged the U.S. Supreme Court not to 
 block state unions from making workers cover bargaining costs, arguing in 
 briefs filed Friday in a pivotal case for public sector labor that so-called 
 agency fees are constitutional. Read more » 
 COMPETITION 
 ABA Sections Warn Of Risks In Regulating Online Platforms 
 The antitrust and international law sections at the American Bar Association 
 on Wednesday shared their concerns about the potential chilling effects of 
 additional regulations for online platforms like e-commerce operations and 
 search engines recently floated by the European Commission. Read more » 
 CONSUMER PROTECTION 
 CFPB Leadership Battle Heads To DC Circ. 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Deputy Director Leandra English on 
 Friday continued her fight to lead the powerful financial regulator by asking a 
 federal appeals court to remove President Donald Trump's choice to serve as 
 the bureau's acting director. Read more » 
 INTERNATIONAL TRADE 
 Analysis 
 What You Need To Know About The Latest Steel Trade Fight 
 President Donald Trump may be poised to impose sweeping restrictions on 
 steel imports that would bring an end to a nearly yearlong saga examining 
 the intersection of trade policy and U.S. national security interests. As the 
 president mulls his next move, here's everything you need to know about one 
 of the year's most intriguing trade battles. Read more » 
 TAX 
 High Court To Consider Internet Retail Taxes' Reach 
 The U.S. Supreme Court on Friday agreed to hear South Dakota's challenge 
 to Quill v. North Dakota, setting the stage for the high court to decide whether 
 states may compel retailers that do not have a physical presence within their 
 borders to collect and remit use tax. Read more » 
 Mnuchin Calls Attempts To Skirt SALT Cap 'Ridiculous' L 
 U.S. Department of Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Thursday called 
 efforts by states such as California, New York and New Jersey to limit the 
 scaling back of state and local tax deductions "ridiculous." Read more » 
 First Parts Of 'Urgent' Swiss Tax Plan Slotted For 2019 
 Paul Hastings 
 Paul Weiss 
 Perkins Coie 
 Pillsbury Winthrop 
 Proskauer Rose 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Reed Smith 
 Robbins Geller 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Seeger Weiss 
 Seyfarth Shaw 
 Sidley Austin 
 Simpson Thacher 
 Skadden 
 Steptoe & Johnson LLP 
 Stradley Ronon 
 Sullivan & Cromwell 
 Susman Godfrey 
 Venable LLP 
 Vinson & Elkins 
 Weil Gotshal 
 White & Case 
 Wiley Rein 
 Williams & Connolly 
 Willkie Farr 
 WilmerHale 
 Wilson Sonsini 
 Winston & Strawn 
 Zuckerman Spaeder 
 ZwillGen PLLC 
 COMPANIES 
 7 -Eleven Inc. 
 AIXTRON SE 
 AT&T Inc. 
 AdvaMed 
 Aetna Inc. 
 Aleris Corp. 
 Allstate Corporation 
 American Bar Association 
 American Federation of State, 
 County and Municipal Employees 
 Apple Inc. 
 Associated Press 
 Association of Corporate Counsel 
 Avalara Inc. 
 Avvo Inc. 
 BNSF Railway 
 Bank of America Corporation 
 Bayer AG 
 Blue Apron Inc. 
 EFTA00032564
The Swiss government has announced that the first measures of its tax 
 reform plan could roll out by the start of 2019, citing the "urgent" need to keep 
 Switzerland competitive in the wake of a global trend to lower corporate 
 rates. Read more » 
 IMMIGRATION 
 DACA Deal Uncertain After Trump's Derogatory Comments 
 President Donald Trump's inflammatory comments about migration from what 
 he described as "shithole" countries drew widespread condemnation Friday 
 while an underlying bipartisan legislative replacement for the Deferred Action 
 for Childhood Arrivals program hangs in doubt. Read more » 
 Fla. House Passes Ban On Sanctuary Cities 
 The Florida House of Representatives on Friday passed a controversial 
 measure that would ban so-called sanctuary cities in the state, but the bill 
 faces steep odds in the Senate. Read more » 
 Gov't Denied Quick Win In Soldiers' Citizenship Suit 
 A D.C. district judge on Thursday rejected the federal government's bid for a 
 quick win in a class action in which soldiers allege the military improperly 
 changed the requirements for expedited naturalization applications. Read 
 more » 
 NATIVE AMERICAN 
 Senate Sends Bill To Recognize Va. Tribes To Trump's Desk 
 A half dozen Native American tribes in Virginia could soon be recognized by 
 the federal government after the U.S. Senate on Thursday approved a 
 measure to have the United States formally acknowledge them, sending the 
 bill to President Donald Trump's desk. Read more )> 
 TELECOMMUNICATIONS 
 Municipal ISPs Offer Better Value, Harvard Study Suggests 
 Municipal broadband networks offer consumers better value than commercial 
 intemet service providers in most cases, a Harvard study recently found, 
 although a lack of data on broadband service dynamics obfuscates the 
 picture. Read more » 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Mueller's Team Seeks May Trial Date For Manafort, Gates 
 Paul Manafort, the indicted former campaign manager to President Donald 
 Trump, may face trial as soon as May, according to a filing Friday by the 
 special counsel spearheading an investigation into the Trump campaign that 
 also outlined plans for future evidence exchange. Read more » 
 Analysis 
 Justices Likely To Set New Tax Standard For Remote Vendors 
 The U.S. Supreme Court shocked the tax bar Friday by accepting South 
 Dakota's direct challenge to the court's 1992 ruling that retailers must have a 
 physical presence within a state to be liable for collection and remittance of 
 use taxes, signaling the court's willingness to rethink that precedent in the 
 age of internet sales. Read more » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 The Public Finance Industry Dodged A Tax Reform Bullet 
 The passage of the tax bill brought an end to a nearly two-month 
 rollercoaster ride that had the public finance industry white-knuckled and a 
 little green in the face. The final bill belied initial assurances that tax reform 
 CVS Caremark Corporation 
 Cable -Satellite Public Affairs 
 Network 
 CenturyLink Inc. 
 Comcast Corporation 
 DXC Technology Co. 
 Duke Energy Corporation 
 Dunkin' Brands Group Inc. 
 Econ One Research Inc. 
 Ernst & Young 
 Exxon Mobil Corporation 
 Facebook 
 Florida Justice Association 
 Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. 
 Google Inc. 
 Hearst Corp. 
 Hubbell Inc. 
 Hulu LLC 
 Instagram Inc. 
 International Brotherhood of 
 Teamsters 
 Internet Brands, Inc. 
 JLL Partners 
 Johnson & Johnson 
 Jones Lang LaSalle Inc. 
 Kirkland's, Inc. 
 Lattice Semiconductor Corporation 
 Lexmark International, Inc. 
 LifeLock Inc. 
 Linkedln Corp. 
 Los Angeles Times 
 McDonald's Corporation 
 Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer 
 Center 
 Mercedes-Benz 
 National Collegiate Athletic 
 Association 
 National Conference of State 
 Legislatures 
 National Right to Work Legal 
 Defense Foundation 
 Netflix Inc. 
 New York Times Co. 
 New York University 
 Newegg Inc. 
 Oculus VR LLC 
 Overstock.com Inc. 
 Owner -Operator Independent 
 Drivers Association Inc. 
 PhRMA 
 Retail Litigation Center Inc. 
 Sierra Club 
 EFTA00032565
"won't touch tax-exempt bonds," but the end result could have been a lot 
 worse, say Victoria Ozimek and Brian Teaff of Bracewell LLP. Read more » 
 A Momentous Year For CFIUS: Part 1 
 The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States was the subject 
 of more focus, change and consequence in 2017 than it had been in at least 
 a decade. It appears that the significant CFIUS developments last year soon 
 may be followed by formal legal changes, say attorneys with Wilson Sonsini 
 Goodrich & Rosati PC. Read more » 
 NJ's Evolving Health Care Arena: Trends To Watch In 2018 
 New Jersey is one of the most competitive and heavily regulated states in 
 terms of health care, making it a good barometer for how the industry is 
 evolving nationally. As physicians and medical groups deal with issues like 
 fl at reimbursement from insurance providers and the rapidly rising costs of 
 operating a medical practice, the ways in which doctors deliver health care 
 will continue to change in 2018, says John Fanburg of Brach Eichler LLC. 
 Read more » 
 Balancing Vertical Integration In Calif.'s Cannabis Industry 
 Given the incentives to organize vertically, California cannabis regulators will 
 need to identify and challenge harmful vertical integration, but allow 
 efficiency -improving integration in cannabis markets and revise regulations to 
 reduce inefficiencies, says Georgina Moreno of Econ One Research Inc. 
 Read more » 
 How Tax Reform Will Change FCA Settlements 
 Little attention has been paid to a provision of the new tax law that requires 
 federal agencies to specify, at the time of settlement of government claims, 
 the portion of the settlement that may be deductible as a business expense. 
 This is sure to impact False Claims Act and other settlements involving the 
 government going forward, say attorneys with Fried Frank Harris Shriver & 
 Jacobson LLP. Read more » 
 5 Advertising Law Trends To Watch In 2018 
 Legal and technological disruptions in the advertising space last year 
 outpaced the development of prior years. Although many topics contributed 
 to this industry upheaval, there are five trends that shaped 2017 and will 
 continue to develop in the coming years, say Jason Gordon and Andrew 
 Levad of Reed Smith LLP. Read more » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 New Group To Probe Workplace Harassment In Federal Courts 
 The Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts has launched a working group to 
 examine the policies in place to protect employees of the federal judiciary 
 from workplace harassment, the office announced on Friday. Read more » 
 High Court Vet Joins Quinn Emanuel From Kirkland 
 U.S. Supreme Court heavy hitter Chris Landau is moving to Quinn Emanuel 
 Urquhart & Sullivan LLP after 25 years at Kirkland & Ellis LLP, joining a 
 growing appellate group formed by his former Harvard law professor 
 Kathleen Sullivan. Read more » 
 Final Dewey Cooperator Gets No Jail Time 
 The final cooperator in the Manhattan district attorneys criminal case against 
 former executives at the once prominent law firm of Dewey & LeBoeuf LLP 
 was sentenced to unconditional release on Friday, presumably ending the 
 saga that absorbed the legal industry. Read more » 
 Up Next At High Court: Betraying A Client, Appellate Rules 
 Skype Technologies SA 
 Snap Inc. 
 SoftBank Group Corp. 
 Spokeo Inc. 
 Spotify Technology SA 
 TAM SA 
 Tax Foundation 
 TelexFree LLC 
 The Renco Group 
 Twitter Inc. 
 U.S. Chamber of Commerce 
 United Steelworkers 
 UnitedLex Corp. 
 Washington Post Co. 
 Wayfair LLC 
 YouTube Inc. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Bureau of Land Management 
 Committee on Foreign Investment 
 in the United States 
 Consumer Financial Protection 
 Bureau 
 Council on Environmental Quality 
 Department of Commerce 
 European Commission 
 European Union 
 Executive Office of the President 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Federal Communications 
 Commission 
 Federal Judicial Center 
 Federal Motor Carrier Safety 
 Administration 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Florida House of Representatives 
 Florida Office of Insurance 
 Regulation 
 Florida State Senate 
 Food and Drug Administration 
 Internal Revenue Service 
 National Labor Relations Board 
 National Security Agency 
 Occupational Safety and Health 
 Review Commission 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control 
 Office of the U.S. Trade 
 Representative 
 Pennsylvania Supreme Court 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 Smithsonian Institution 
 EFTA00032566
A lawyer's courtroom betrayal of his client in a Louisiana murder trial is likely 
 the juiciest item on the Supreme Court's oral argument calendar this week, 
 but other cases involving the right of appeal in consolidated cases and a 
 controversial question under the Fair Labor Standards Act could have major 
 implications for the appellate and employment bars. Here's what to expect. 
 Read more » 
 Legal Tech Download: Acquisition Fever 
 The world of legal technology is quickly evolving, with new products coming 
 to market in rapid succession. Here, Law360 takes a look at seven major 
 recent developments. Read more » 
 GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week 
 The head of a conservative think tank slammed attacks against the Federal 
 Communications Commission's Republican chairman over the agency's vote 
 to repeal net neutrality, federal immigration officials inspected almost 100 7-
 Eleven stores across the country, and lawmakers in various states proposed 
 legislation to quell workplace sexual harassment. These are some of the 
 stories in corporate legal news you may have missed in the past week. Read 
 more » 
 Podcast 
 Law360's Pro Say: When To Walk Away From A Dangerous 
 Client 
 On the latest episode of Law360's Pro Say podcast, the team discusses how 
 to know when it is time to ditch a dangerous client like Martin Shkreli, the 
 latest developments over the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals 
 immigration program, a case striking down partisan gerrymandering, and a 
 bizarre 5-bite diet. Read more 
 In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360 
 For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, stories and 
 expert analyses that generated the most buzz on Law360 last week. Read 
 more 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this son, 
 you may unsubsctibe here. 
 South Dakota Department of 
 Revenue 
 U.S. Army 
 U.S. Attorneys Office 
 U.S. Department of Defense 
 U.S. Department of Health and 
 Human Services 
 U.S. Department of Homeland 
 Security 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of Transportation 
 U.S. Department of the Interior 
 U.S. Department of the Treasury 
 U.S. Environmental Protection 
 Agency 
 U.S. House of Representatives 
 U.S. Immigration and Customs 
 Enforcement 
 U.S. Office of Personnel 
 Management 
 U.S. Postal Service 
 U.S. Senate 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 Ute Indian Tribe 
 World Trade Organization 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call 1.646-781-7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Law360I Portfolio Media. Inc. Ill West 19th Street. Sth Floor, New York, NY 10011 
 EFTA00032567
From: Illaill "IMIIM> 
 To: " (USANYS)" cMIMIMIN> 
 Subject: 2019-06-25, JE, prospective draft bail appeal or appeal response letter.docx 
 Date: Mon, 01 Jul 2019 22:17:42 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: 2019-06-25, JE,_prospective_draft_bail_appeal_or_appeal_response_lettendocx 
 As promised 
 EFTA00032568
# # # 
 ON EMBARGO UNTIL 
 Thursday June 25, 2020 at 6:30am EST 
 CONTACT 
 Jeff Solnet 
 Jeff@PrecisionStrategies.com 
 561-926.0909 
 Renowned Claims Resolution Experts Announce Commencement of the 
 Epstein Victims' Compensation Program 
 New York, NY — Today, individuals who were sexually abused by Jeffrey Epstein may begin the 
 process of filing claims with the Epstein Victims' Compensation Program ("Epstein VCP" or 
 "Program"). The Epstein VCP is a voluntary, non-adversarial, confidential claims resolution program 
 that has been established to compensate victims-survivors and resolve their sexual abuse claims 
 against Jeffrey Epstein and the Epstein Estate. The Epstein VCP will operate entirely independently 
 of the Epstein Estate. 
 The Program was designed over the last several months by nationally recognized independent 
 claims administration experts Kenneth R. Feinberg, Camille S. Biros and Jordana ("Jordy") H. 
 Feldman ("Co-Designers") with input from attorneys representing over 70 victims, the Attorney 
 General of the Virgin Islands, the Epstein Estate and other interested parties. The Program will be 
 administered by Ms. Feldman (the "Administrator"), the former Deputy Special Master of the 
 September 11th Victim Compensation Fund, the litigation-alternative program administered by the 
 U.S. Department of Justice that compensates victims who have become sick or died as a result of 
 their September 11th-related exposure. 
 "This Program provides victims of Jeffrey Epstein the opportunity to be heard outside the glare of 
 public courtroom proceedings, and to receive acknowledgment by an independent third party as to 
 the legitimacy of their experience and the long-term suffering it has wrought," said Ms. Feldman. 
 "Treating victims with dignity and respect and providing them with appropriate compensation is 
 central to our work with the Program, even as we recognize that no amount of money will erase the 
 years of pain these victims have endured." 
 "These programs are as much about offering validation as providing fair compensation," said Mr. 
 Feinberg who, along with Ms. Biros, has designed and administered similar compensation programs 
 for the Catholic Church sexual abuse claims, the Penn State sexual abuse claims, and the 
 September 11th Victim Compensation Fund, among others. 
 The Program provides victims with an attractive alternative to litigation by offering a process that is 
 speedy and cost-effective. The Program also removes barriers to pursue claims in civil courts, 
 EFTA00032569
including statutes of limitations and prior settlements, and applies more relaxed evidentiary 
 requirements. 
 Important features of the Program include: 
 1. The Program is independent of and entirely free from any interference or control by 
 the Epstein Estate. The Administrator has complete autonomy and decision-making 
 authority to determine individual claimant eligibility and compensation. The Estate has no 
 authority to modify or reject the Administrator's decisions on any basis or as to any claim, 
 and the Estate will pay all eligible claims based on the Administrator's determination. 
 2. The Program is purely voluntary; no individual claimant is required to participate. A 
 victim's legal rights are not impacted unless the victim accepts the compensation offered by 
 the Administrator and signs a release, agreeing not to engage in any further litigation against 
 the Epstein Estate and related entities and/or individuals. 
 3. The Program is confidential. Protecting Claimant privacy is of paramount importance to 
 the Program. The Program will maintain strict confidentiality of all information submitted, but 
 will not impose any limitations on the Claimant's ability to share information with law 
 enforcement, or anyone else. 
 "Our work with victims of Catholic Church abuse, September 11th and other similar programs has 
 provided us with invaluable insight into how to calculate the incalculable, and take into account the 
 life-long effects of trauma," said Ms. Biros, who co-designed the Program. Mr. Feinberg added, 
 "The role of the Administrator is to apply a certain level of objectivity while taking into account the 
 specific circumstances presented by each individual claim. It is a challenging task, but one that 
 Jordy is uniquely qualified to undertake. Her empathetic and judicious style, and her long-time 
 claims experience and service to victims in the 9/11 community will serve this Program and 
 Epstein's victims well." 
 Beginning today, the Administrator will provide a Claim Form and other relevant Program information 
 to individuals who have filed a lawsuit, legal action or claim of sexual abuse against Jeffrey Epstein 
 and/or the Estate may begin the process of filing a claim with the Program, or have otherwise been 
 identified by counsel. Other individuals may also be eligible to participate in the Program by 
 registering on the Program website. The claims filing period will run through March 25, 2021. 
 The Program was initially proposed to the Probate Court of the U.S. Virgin Islands ("Probate Court") 
 on November 14, 2019. The Co-Designers solicited feedback from various interested parties, 
 including victims' counsel, and that feedback was incorporated into a draft protocol that was 
 presented to the Probate Court on February 4, 2020. The final protocol was approved by the 
 Probate Court on June 3, 2020. 
 "We are pleased to get this Program up and running after months of considered and collaborative 
 design. My staff is deeply sensitive to the unique circumstances involved and is committed to 
 processing the victims' claims in a prompt, fair and effective manner," said Ms. Feldman. 
 EFTA00032570
From: ' 
 „c l 
 k's 
 To: 
 11 ' II 
 , I 
 (USANYS)" 
 Cc: ' 
 Subject: RE: Phone numbers 
 Date: Wed, 28 Jul 2021 23:06:32 +0000 
 Attachments: 2021.07.28_Court_SubpoenanAT&T.pdf; 2021.07.28_Court_SubpoenanT-Mobile.pdf 
 Thanks! Subpoenas attached. 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, July 28, 2021 5:25 PM 
 To: I
 'c "; 
 (USANYS) ‹> 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Phone numbers 
 Heys 
 I apologize. I had this drafted and did not hit send. See below for the phone numbers we discussed. 
 T -Mobile 
 AT&T 
 Attn: Global Legal Demands Center 
 Special Agent 
 FBI New York Field Office 
 Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking 
 Desk 
 EFTA00031977
For more information, visit: www.eosteinvco.com email ClaimantSeNices(@EosteinVCP.com or call 
 the toll-free helpline at (877) 312-3055. 
 EFTA00032571
From: 
 Subject: RE: FW: Requests 
 Date: Tue, 30 Jun 2020 14:50:48 +0000 
 Thanks for the explanations. 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, June 26, 2020 1:15 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: FW: Requests 
 I hope this provides further clarity. 
 >>> 
 For the "Hot List" (or the high risk list), it is dated August 30, 2019, which is after the events in question. Do you 
 have these from the period of June 26, 2019 through August 10, 2019? The hot list file provided begins with 
 the AUG 30 list. If you scroll down, you'll find previous lists going back to the beginning of July 2019. The 
 list is updated and re-distributed anytime someone is added or removed from the list. The inmate of 
 interest here was never placed on the hot list. 
 You are still working on getting us the following: 
 o Finalized versions of Program Statements 5511.08 and 5500.13; 
 o An updated suicide prevention PowerPoint presentation; and 
 o Watch call tracking sheets Yes to all of this. 
 Finally, with respect to our request for all SROs during the time of assignment to the SHU, that seems 
 excessively burdensome. Rather, if possible, can you locate the SROs related to Epstein only? The head of the 
 records department at MCC, who is Case Management Coordinator Schnahider Demosthenes reported the 
 central file for Epstein was taken by the FBI following the inmate's death. I've asked him to double check 
 that just to make sure and I'll let you know if anything changes. If the file was taken, any SROs would have 
 been included in that file and are no longer accessible to us. 
 a Is there something called a "SHU report" that is different from an SRO? Yes, I'm trying to see if MCC 
 maintains old copies of these. Much like the LTs logs, in previous institutions I've worked at, these 
 were filed for one year but I don't know the practice at MCC. I do believe there is a copy of the last 
 one that Epstein appeared on that I will try to track down. The SHU report is a document that 
 contains the name and photo of each inmate in the SHU at a given time. The report also contains 
 comments specific to each inmate by a number of different departments. As with the other things 
 I'm waiting on, I'll send what I'm able to dig up as soon as I find it. 
 06/26/20 11:00 AM >>> 
 Thank you very much for this extremely clear and helpful email. Just a few follow-up points: 
 For the "Hot List" (or the high risk list), it is dated August 30, 2019, which is after the events in question. 
 have these from the period of June 26, 2019 through August 10, 2019? 
 You are still working on getting us the following: 
 o Finalized versions of Program Statements 5511.08 and 5500.13; 
 o An updated suicide prevention PowerPoint presentation; and 
 o Watch call tracking sheets 
 Do you 
 EFTA00032572
Finally, with respect to our request for all SROs during the time of assignment to the SEW, that seems 
 excessively burdensome. Rather, if possible, can you locate the SROs related to Epstein only? 
 o Is there something called a "SHU report" that is different from an SRO? 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, June 25, 2020 6:21 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: Re: FW: Requests 
 All, 
 I hope my responses below serve to clear up some of the issues you had with the documentation that was provided. I 
 continue to work to obtain the missing items and will send them as I receive any additional documents. Please let me 
 know if you have further questions and I'll be happy to address anything that is still unclear. 
 Many of the requests made, such as ICT agenda, cellmate policies and SHU policies are not one-stop-shops. 
 These issues are covered in a number of different policies, therefore I tried to include all policies that 
 reference those topics. 
 1. We received unsigned Word versions of Program Statements 5511.08 and 5500.13. Are there finalized versions? 
 Executive Assistant Lee Plourde handles the finalizing of the supplements. He's on leave and will 
 address this upon his return on Monday, June 29, 2020. 
 2. Why were we given the BOP Correctional Services Procedures Manual? Which of our requests is this responsive 
 to? Section 310 of this policy covers inmate accountability in the SHU. You requested 5511.08 and 
 this section in the CSPM overlaps some of those same policies. 
 3. Why were we given the BOP Suicide Prevention Program Statement? Which of our requests is this responsive to? 
 This policy covers staff training requirements for ICT and Quarterly SHU training. I included the 
 policy because it directly correlated with other requests. 
 4. We were also given a Powerpoint entitled Suicide Prevention for Inmates. Which of our requests is this responsive 
 to? When is this document from? The slide show is the Psychology portion of the SHU Training you 
 requested. It is dated 1/2/2014. I have requested an updated version that would have been used 
 more closely to the time of assignment to SHU. I'm just waiting for Psychology staff to 
 provide me whatever it is they used at that time. 
 5. We were provided a document titled Introduction to Correctional Techniques from January 2020. Which of our 
 requests is this responsive to? Is it the MCC institutional familiarization training outline? If so, we would request 
 one from a time when the defendants were actively employed at MCC (so before August 2019). This is the 
 Institutional Familiarization (IF) outline you requested. It hasn't been called IF for a few years. It 
 is now Introduction to Correctional Techniques (ICT). An earlier version is attached here. 
 6. We were provided with an undated slide presentation about the MCC SHU. Which of our requests is this 
 responsive to? When is this document from? The slide show was created 1/2/2014 as a part of 
 quarterly SHU training. The quarterly SHU training is primarily conducted through the BOP's online 
 training platform that is a self-guided course that covers a number of topics related to SHU. The 
 official SHU training course is not something I can send or save due to the nature of the course 
 being automated by the training platform and not a hard file. 
 7. The BOP Code of Ethics is highlighted below. Which document is this? Program Statement 3420.11 is the 
 Standards of Employee Conduct, which covers the dos and don'ts of employment in the BOP. I've 
 attached the DO) Ethics Handbook here. If there is something specific you're looking for, please let 
 me know. 
 8. We received digital lieutenant's logs. Is there also a hard copy book? There is no hard copy book of these 
 logs. The logs are saved to a shared folder at the end of each shift. Although I have worked at 
 places that print each log, the Lieutenant's here at NYM reported that that is not the practice here. 
 The LTs here email their logs to the executive staff at the conclusion of each 24 hour period for 
 review purposes. Thus, eliminating a hard copy record system. 
 9. We were provided with a document called "SHU Logs MW" and a document called "SHU Logs." Can we confirm 
 what these are? Our requests were for SHU Watch Call Logs and SHU Control Center Logs. Those are the 
 digital log books from SHU for the Evening and Morning Watch shifts during the requested time 
 period. I am working on obtaining the actual Watch Call tracking sheets from the main Control 
 Center at MCC which is something different. However, the officer should be logging their watch 
 calls into the digital log book every 30 minutes between 6a — 6p each day. 
 EFTA00032573
10. Which document contains the BOP and MCC policy on SHU quarterly training, which is highlighted below as 
 having been provided? PS 5270.11 as well as the Suicide Prevention policy covers the SHU quarterly 
 training requirement. There is not a separate policy for that. 
 11. We asked for P.S. 5270.10, but got P.S. 5270.11. Was P.S. 5270.10 provided to us in error? Or was our request 
 incorrect? 5270.10 does not exist. 5270.11 is the policy covering SHU. 
 12. Which document contains the BOP and MCC policy on cellmates? I am not aware of any such policy and 
 have struggled to find even a mention of it in the policies I've reviewed. I will continue to search 
 for a policy that references cellmate assignments. 
 13. In the second email, there is a document called "Hot Lists" dated August 30, 2019. Which of our requests is this 
 responsive to? The "Hot List" is the high risk list. Any inmate on that list who goes to SHU requires 
 immediate notification to Psychology. This is the only "high risk" list the BOP has and I provided it 
 in response to your uest for "All High Risk Lists reviewed during weekly SHU meetings..." 
 14. In the second email, mentioned that most of the control center paperwork was seized by FBI and/or 01G. 
 Do you or FBI have that paperwork? Has it been provided to us? 
 15. Finally, what is the status of the remaining requests? As I continue to work from home, I have not 
 personally been able to physically search for the Watch Call sheets. As I previously mentioned, 
 those logs were reportedly seized early on in this investigation. I continue to follow up on this. 
 With regard to the SROs, those reviews are only electronically available for inmates who are 
 currently in SHU and only for the period of their most recent admission to SHU. SROs, assuming 
 they were completed, would then be printed and filed in the inmate's central file. I am currently 
 trying to figure out where Epstein's file is to see if any SROs are in it. If you really want ALL SROs 
 for the period of assignment to SHU, that will be an extremely lengthy process of tracking 
 down inmate files, many of whom have released from the BOP or been transferred to any number 
 of institutions across the country, and then requesting any SROs from the specified period of time 
 that are contained in those files be scanned to us. I'm guessing Epstein's file was taken along with 
 all of the other documentation shortly after his death, but I have not confirmed that yet. 
 Special Investigative Agent 
 MCC New York 
 150 Park Row 
 New York, NY 10007 
 >> > > 06/25/20 12:35 PM >>> 
 Can you please address the questions/discrepancies noted below. Much appreciated. 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, June 25, 2020 12:30 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Requests 
 Some follow up questions related to these materials: 
 1. We received unsigned Word versions of Program Statements 5511.08 and 5500.13. Are there finalized versions? 
 2. Why were we given the BOP Correctional Services Procedures Manual? Which of our requests is this responsive 
 to? 
 3. Why were we given the BOP Suicide Prevention Program Statement? Which of our requests is this responsive to? 
 4. We were also given a Powerpoint entitled Suicide Prevention for Inmates. Which of our requests is this responsive 
 to? When is this document from? 
 EFTA00032574
5. We were provided a document titled Introduction to Correctional Techniques from January 2020. Which of our 
 requests is this responsive to? Is it the MCC institutional familiarization training outline? If so, we would request 
 one from a time when the defendants were actively employed at MCC (so before August 2019). 
 6. We were provided with an undated slide presentation about the MCC SHU. Which of our requests is this 
 responsive to? When is this document from? 
 7. The BOP Code of Ethics is highlighted below. Which document is this? 
 8. We received digital lieutenant's logs. Is there also a hard copy book? 
 9. We were provided with a document called "SHU Logs MW" and a document called "SHU Logs." Can we confirm 
 what these are? Our requests were for SHU Watch Call Logs and SHU Control Center Logs. 
 10. Which document contains the BOP and MCC policy on SHU quarterly training, which is highlighted below as having 
 been provided? 
 11. We asked for P.S. 5270.10, but got P.S. 5270.11. Was P.S. 5270.10 provided to us in error? Or was our request 
 incorrect? 
 12. Which document contains the BOP and MCC policy on cellmates? 
 13. In the second email, there is a document called "Hot Lists" dated August 30, 2019. Which of our requests is this 
 responsive to? 
 14. In the second email, =I mentioned that most of the control center paperwork was seized by FBI and/or OIG. Do 
 you or FBI have that paperwork? Has it been provided to us? 
 15. Finally, what is the status of the remaining requests? 
 Please work on this as quickly as you can. Thanks! 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 23, 2020 3:59 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: FW: Requests 
 fyi 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 23, 2020 3:53 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: Requests 
 I've attached all the documentation I have pertaining to the below request. I am waiting for a few things from HR and 
 Psychology but wanted to send you what I have right now. I highlighted the items below that are attached in this email. 
 Let me know if you have any questions. 
 Special Investigative Agent 
 MCC New York 
 150 Park Row 
 New York. NY 10007 
 > 06/12/20 1:54 PM >>> 
 Hi ME: 
 Hope you and fam have been well, as well as MCC staff. 
 EFTA00032575
Can you please provide the following information concerning the Epstein suicide investigation: 
 • The BOP and MCC Employee Code of Conduct, Code of Ethics, and corresponding employee acknowledgement 
 forms for Defendant Noel. 
 • The MCC institutional familiarization training outline. 
 • The BOP and MCC policy on cellmates and local Institutional Supplement on Special Housing Unit Regulations, 
 including Institutional Supplement/Program Statement Number P.S. NYM 5270.10. 
 • The BOP and MCC policy on SHU quarterly training. 
 • The Inmate Accountability Institutional Supplement/Program Statement, Number I.S. NYM 5511.08. 
 • The Security Inspections Institutional Supplement/Program Statement, Number I.S. NYM 5500.13. 
 • SHU Watch Call Logs from August 9, 2019 and August 10, 2019. 
 • All SHU Watch Call Logs completed during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 
 2019. 
 • All SHU Control Center Logs completed during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on 
 June 26, 2019. 
 • All SHU Operations Lieutenant Log Books completed during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which 
 began on June 26, 2019. 
 • All High Risk Lists reviewed during weekly SHU meetings during Defendant assignment to the SHU post 
 which began on June 26, 2019. 
 • All SHU reports and SRO reviews completed by the SHU Lieutenant during Defendant assignment to the SHU 
 post which began on June 26, 2019. 
 Many thx! 
 EFTA00032576
From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To: 
 Subject: Cohen Nixes Congressional Hearing Over Trump 'Threats' 
 Date: Thu, 24 Jan 2019 08:25:04 +0000 
 .,1_aw360 White 
 Collar 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Thursday, January 24, 2019 Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Cohen Nixes Congressional Hearing Over Trump 'Threats' 
 Michael Cohen will not appear at a scheduled hearing before a House panel 
 next month in light of "ongoing threats against his family" from President 
 Donald Trump, Cohen's lawyer said Wednesday, casting uncertainty over the 
 longtime Trump attorney's testimony about crimes he committed in dealings 
 with the president. Read full article » 
 Jay -Z, Meek Mill, Team Owners Launch Parole Reform Group 
 Music mogul Jay-Z, rapper Meek Mill, and several professional sports team 
 owners and asset managers on Wednesday launched a $50 million criminal 
 justice reform effort aimed at revamping laws to reduce the number of people 
 on parole or probation. Read full article » 
 Ex -Rock Capital Trader Gets 5 Years For False Profits Scheme 
 A former Rock Capital Markets LLC trader accused of creating false profits 
 and causing his firm to fold after losing over $13.7 million has been 
 sentenced by an Illinois federal judge Wednesday to five years in prison after 
 pleading guilty to one wire fraud charge last year. Read full article » 
 Manafort Disputes Plea Breach, Ordered To Attend Hearing 
 Former Donald Trump presidential campaign chairman Paul Manafort said 
 Wednesday his faulty memory should not be equated to a plea agreement-
 violating lie as a D.C. federal judge ruled that he must show up for his Friday 
 hearing rather than let his attorneys handle it. Read full article » 
 Weinstein Hires Casey Anthony Atty, Harvard Law Professor 
 A week after announcing a split from his former criminal defense lawyer, 
 Harvey Weinstein has a new legal team consisting of Jose Baez, who led 
 Casey Anthony's murder trial acquittal, and Harvard Law School professor 
 Ronald S. Sullivan, Baez confirmed Wednesday. Read full article » 
 COMPLIANCE 
 Deutsche Bank Facing Global Scrutiny Over Danske Scandal 
 Deutsche Bank AG said Wednesday that it has received requests for 
 information from law enforcement agencies and regulators across the globe 
 looking into an alleged multibillion-dollar money laundering scheme at Danish 
 lender Danske Bank. Read full article » 
 SECURITIES 
 Ex -Barclays Execs Accused Of Duping Shareholders At Trial 
 `'',,Law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Akin Gump 
 Arent Fox 
 Brafman & Associates 
 Brownstein Hyatt 
 Buchalter PC 
 Cloth Fair Chambers 
 Covington & Burling 
 DLA Piper 
 Desai Law Firm PC 
 Dinsmore & Shohl 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 Essex Court Chambers 
 Farella Braun 
 Frost Brown Todd 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Gupta Wessler 
 Hoagland Longo 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Holland & Knight 
 Irell & Manella 
 Jomarron Lopez 
 K&L Gates 
 Kasowitz Benson 
 EFTA00032577
Four former Barclays PLC directors deceived the bank's shareholders by 
 failing to declare additional fees they paid Qatari investors at the height of the 
 fi nancial crisis and by using other agreements as a "smokescreen" to cover 
 their tracks, prosecutors told a London jury on Wednesday. Read full article » 
 'Shell Factory' Atty Sees Sentence Cut For Helping Feds 
 An attorney rounded up in the massive prosecution of a group that created 
 fake shell companies in a pump-and-dump scheme had his three-year 
 sentence trimmed by two years Tuesday because he assisted the 
 government in taking down his cohorts. Read full article » 
 DC Circ. Judges Criticize Advisory Firm's Ties To Fund Broker 
 Two members of a D.C. Circuit panel on Wednesday derided a Houston-
 based investment advisory firm that recommended investments without fully 
 disclosing it was being paid by the broker offering them. Read full article » 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 House Passes Bill Inviting Researchers To Hack State Dept. 
 The U.S. House of Representatives has resoundingly passed a bipartisan bill 
 that would direct the State Department to invite security researchers to 
 expose flaws in its digital defenses in exchange for rewards. Read full article 
 LEGAL ETHICS 
 Beverly Hills Atty Accused Of Peddling Pills On Craigslist 
 A Beverly Hills attorney who has a "long history" of selling drugs on the 
 internet, including black tar heroin and methadone, was arrested for allegedly 
 selling $1,200 in oxycodone pills on Craigslist, the U.S. Department of 
 Justice said. Read full article » 
 NJ Atty Accused Of Raping Gov.'s Staffer Won't Face Charges 
 A second prosecutor's office in New Jersey on Wednesday said it will not 
 pursue criminal charges against an attorney accused of raping a staffer in 
 Gov. Phil Murphy's administration when they were working on the governor's 
 campaign, citing "a lack of credible evidence and corroboration that a crime 
 was committed." Read full article » 
 HEALTH 
 Ex -Hospital Director Pleads Guilty In $1B Health Fraud Case 
 A former Miami-area hospital director pled guilty Wednesday in Florida 
 federal court to conspiring to defraud the United States and paying and 
 receiving health care kickbacks as part of a $1 billion health care fraud 
 scheme. Read full article » 
 5 NY Doctors Denounce DOJ Charges Of Insys Kickbacks 
 Five New York doctors on Tuesday assailed a U.S. Department of Justice 
 indictment accusing them of pocketing kickbacks to prescribe a fentanyl 
 painkiller sold by Insys Therapeutics Inc., saying there are no concrete signs 
 of an illicit quid pro quo. Read full article » 
 SPORTS 
 Grassley Seeks Answers From USOC After Nassar Report 
 Sen. Chuck Grassley has asked the U.S. Olympic Committee to outline the 
 steps it's taking to improve its culture and protect athletes after the release of 
 a scathing December report about sexual abuse in the Olympic community, 
 the lawmaker said Wednesday. Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 Kennedys CMK 
 Kennedys Law LLP 
 King & Spalding 
 Knobbe Martens 
 Ogletree Deakins 
 Parker Bunt 
 Paul Hastings 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Reed Smith 
 Reid Collins 
 Samuel J. Rabin Jr. PA 
 Sanford Heisler Sharp 
 Snell & Wilmer 
 Squire Patton Boggs 
 Stearns Weaver 
 Steptoe & Johnson LLP 
 The Hoffinger Firm 
 Ulmer & Berne 
 Venable LLP 
 White & Case 
 Williams & Jensen 
 Winston & Strawn 
 COMPANIES 
 Aliph Inc. 
 American Arbitration Association 
 American Bar Association 
 Apple Inc. 
 Attorneys' Liability Assurance 
 Society Ltd. 
 Barclays Investment Bank 
 Barclays PLC 
 BlackBerry Ltd. 
 Brooklyn Nets 
 Danske Bank 
 Deutsche Bank AG 
 DowDuPont Inc. 
 Ferrari SpA 
 Fitbit Inc. 
 Fitch Ratings Ltd. 
 Genentech Inc. 
 Google Inc. 
 Home Depot Inc. 
 Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 
 Linkedln Corp. 
 Marriott International Inc. 
 Moody's Corporation 
 NAVEX Global Inc. 
 NFL Enterprises LLC 
 NYU Langone Medical Center 
 National Consumer Law Center 
 EFTA00032578
3 Trends In Criminal Trade Secret Prosecution 
 While white collar filings are significantly down nationwide, the prosecutorial 
 appetite for bringing criminal trade secret cases appears voracious, even 
 where no foreign actor or national security concern is involved, say Jessica 
 Nall and Janice Reicher of Farella Braun & Martel LLP. Read full article 
 DOJ's Wire Act Opinion Is A Game Changer 
 The U.S. Department of Justice's updated guidance on the Wire Act contains 
 a fundamental distinction between civil risk and criminal risk, and this will 
 slow down the proliferation of gambling-related online offerings in the intemet 
 gambling community, says Tim Lowry of DLA Piper. Read full article >> 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 10 Firms That Made The Most Money Lobbying In 2018 
 Ten law firms bested the rest of the sector and raked in millions of dollars in 
 revenue from federal lobbying clients in 2018, with year-end figures reported 
 to the government showing strong results across the industry even though it 
 was an election year. Read full article >> 
 GOP Mulling 'Nuclear Option' To Speed Judicial Nominations 
 Republicans could again turn to the "nuclear option" to change Senate rules 
 and advance President Donald Trump's nominees, one senator said this 
 week, cutting down the time the Senate takes on judicial and other nominees. 
 Read full article » 
 Ex -Snell & Wilmer Chair John Bouma Fatally Struck By Cars 
 John J. Bouma, who led Snell & Wilmer LLP for more than three decades, 
 guiding it from a single Arizona office to a national force, was fatally hit by 
 cars Tuesday night, Phoenix police confirm. He was 82. Read full article » 
 Arent Fox Sues Former IP Partner Over Move To Kasowitz 
 Arent Fox LLP filed suit Tuesday in D.C. federal court against a former 
 intellectual property partner in its New York office, alleging that he agreed to 
 pay over $90,000 in order to make an immediate exit to Kasowitz Benson 
 Torres LLP and then failed to pay up. Read full article » 
 Bear Stearns Hits Reed Smith With $500M Malpractice Suit 
 Reed Smith LLP bungled its representation of two now-defunct Bear Stearns 
 investment funds that had sued ratings agencies for overvaluing residential 
 mortgage -backed securities they bought, the funds claimed in a suit filed 
 Tuesday in New York state court seeking more than half a billion dollars in 
 damages. Read full article 
 Gilstrap 'Offended' By Gamesmanship Of Irell, Winston Attys 
 U.S. District Judge Rodney Gilstrap has said he's "offended" by how Irell & 
 Manella LLP and Winston & Strawn LLP have handled the opening stages of 
 an infringement case involving USAA electronic check patents asserted 
 against Wells Fargo, finding the firms' legal maneuvers demonstrate a "clear 
 lack of respect" for his court. Read full article » 
 Feature 
 The Legal Threat Giving Compliance Officers Nightmares 
 Compliance officers across industries all name the same concern when 
 asked what keeps them up at night. Here, Law360 looks at that issue and 
 what compliance officers can do to mitigate the risk. Read full article >> 
 Ogletree Looks To Gut Ex-Shareholder's Sex Bias Suit 
 Ogletree Deakins Nash Smoak & Stewart PC wants a California federal court 
 to kick the bulk of a former firm shareholder's gender discrimination lawsuit to 
 New England Patriots 
 New York Post 
 Philadelphia 76ers 
 Promontory Financial Group LLC 
 Ranbaxy 
 S&P Global Inc. 
 State Bar of Arizona 
 State Bar of California 
 Sun Pharmaceutical 
 Target Corp. 
 Twitter Inc. 
 Uber Technologies Inc. 
 United Microelectronics 
 Corporation 
 United Services Automobile 
 Association 
 United States Olympic Committee 
 Voya Financial Inc. 
 Wells Fargo & Co. 
 Yahoo! Inc. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 California Supreme Court 
 Commodity Futures Trading 
 Commission 
 Drug Enforcement Administration 
 European Union 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Federal Reserve System 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Financial Conduct Authority 
 Los Angeles County Sheriffs 
 Department 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 Serious Fraud Office 
 U.S. Attorneys Office 
 U.S. Department of Defense 
 U.S. Department of Homeland 
 Security 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. House Committee on Energy 
 and Commerce 
 U.S. House of Representatives 
 U.S. Senate 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 EFTA00032579
arbitration, saying she was bound by an arbitration pact even though she 
 didn't sign it. Read full article » 
 Retired Judges Urge Fed. Circ. To Make PACER Free 
 Seven retired federal judges, including ex-Seventh Circuit Judge Richard 
 Posner, told the Federal Circuit that the Public Access to Court Electronic 
 Records system should be free, according to an amicus brief filed 
 Wednesday in an appeal over a class action challenging the government's 
 fees. Read full article » 
 UK Watchdog Drops GCs From Manager Accountability Plan 
 The U.K.'s Financial Conduct Authority said Wednesday that it had dropped 
 plans to hold the heads of legal departments at banks and insurance firms 
 responsible for ignoring misconduct, saying the proposed rule would hamper 
 lawyers from giving independent legal advice. Read full article » 
 Interview 
 Law Firm Leaders: Kennedys CMK's Meg Catalano 
 Meg Catalano, managing partner of the U.S. arm of British commercial firm 
 Kennedys Law LLP, spoke to Law360 recently about the ramifications of the 
 transatlantic tie-up, how she balances her practice and managerial duties, 
 and where she sees the business of law evolving. Read full article 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Insurance Coverage Litigation Associate 
 (4-8 yrs) 
 Gordon & Rees 
 San Francisco, Oakland. California 
 Sports partner seeks top mid level 
 litigation assoc/NYC 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York. New York 
 Insurance Coverage Litigation Associate 
 (4-8 yrs) 
 Gordon & Rees 
 Sacramento , California 
 Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort. 
 you may unsubscribe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customs.' suppon inquiries. please call +I-6464834100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360 I Portfolio Media. Inc. Ill West 19M Street. Sth Floor. New York, NY 10011 
 EFTA00032580
Court Subpoena 
 Pnitebr Stain Pistrirt arratrt 
 SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
 TO: AT&T 
 Attn: Global Le al Demands Center 
 GREETINGS: 
 WE COMMAND YOU that all and singular business and excuses being laid aside, you appear and attend 
 before the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, 40 Foley Square, in the 
 Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, New York, in the Southern District of New York, at the 
 following date, time and place: 
 Appearance Date: November 29, 2021 Appearance Time: 9:00 a.m. 
 Appearance Place: 40 Foley Square, Courtroom 906 
 to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
 United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
 and not to depart the Court without leave thereof, or of the United States Attorney, and that you bring 
 with you and produce at the above time and place the following: 
 Subscriber records for the following phone numbers, between 2000-2005: 
 Failure to attend and produce any items hereby demanded will constitute contempt of court and will 
 subject you to civil sanctions and criminal penalties, in addition to other penalties of the Law. 
 DATED: New York, New York 
 July 28, 2021 
 /s 
 AUDREY STRAUSS 
 United States Attorney for the 
 Southern District of New York 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 One St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, New York 10007 
 Email: 
 Telephone' 
 Rev. 02.01.12 
 EFTA00031978
From: (USANYS)" 
 To:" 
 Subject: Re: Epstein draft press materials 
 Date: Sat, 06 Jul 2019 20:46:14 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Jul 6, 2019, at 4:43 PM,  l> wrote: 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Saturday, July 6, 2019 4:33 PM 
 To: 
 ) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein draft press materials 
 From: 
 ) 
 Sent: Saturday, July 6, 2019 3:45 PM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 Subject: RE: Epstein draft press materials 
 > 
 EFTA00032581
From: (USANYS)  
 Sent: Saturday, July 6, 2019 3:16 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: FW: Epstein draft press materials 
 From: Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Saturday, July 6, 2019 2:45 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Subject: Re: Epstein draft press materials 
 EFTA00032582
From: New York Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To:
 Subject: Cravath's Ties To NYU Not Enough For New Trial, Judge Says 
 Date: Wed, 03 Jul 2019 07:17:32 +0000 
 aw360 New York 
 NEW YORK 
 Wednesday, July 3, 2019 Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 ;`,'NYU.jpg 
 Cravath's Ties To NYU Not Enough For New Trial, Judge Says 
 A New York federal court ruled that a former judge who rejoined Cravath 
 Swaine & Moore LLP after tossing out a $358 million ERISA class action 
 against New York University was not biased in NYU's favor, rejecting 
 university workers' bid for a new trial. 
 Order attached I Read full article 
 States Reach $6M Deal With LexisNexis Over Withheld Fees 
 LexisNexis Risk Solutions Inc. agreed on Tuesday to pay $5.8 million to 
 resolve a suit in Florida federal court brought by various states and a city 
 ;.,Law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Arrowood LLP 
 Barclay Damon 
 Berger Montague 
 Calhoun & Lawrence 
 Chaffetz Lindsey 
 Cooley 
 Cravath Swaine 
 DLA Piper 
 Dentons 
 Emery Celli 
 Faruqi & Faruqi 
 Fenwick & West 
 Foley & Lardner 
 Foster Pepper 
 Freidin Brown 
 Freshfields Bruckhaus 
 Furniss Davis 
 Gadow Tyler 
 Garvey Schubert 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Glasser & Glasser 
 Goldman Ismail 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 EFTA00032583
alleging that the data and analytics company wrongfully withheld fees from 
 law enforcement agencies when reselling their automobile crash reports. 
 Read full article » 
 Ed Sheeran Trial On Hold For 9th Circ. Led Zeppelin Ruling 
 A Manhattan judge has put off a September jury trial over whether Ed 
 Sheeran's "Thinking Out Loud" infringes Marvin Gaye's "Let's Get It On," 
 saying Tuesday that a coming decision by the full Ninth Circuit in a copyright 
 appeal involving Led Zeppelin may be informative. 
 Read full article » 
 Fake Mont. Cattle Rancher Cops To Fraud, Will Repay $43M 
 A Montana man told a Manhattan federal judge Tuesday he lied about his 
 family's assets, including falsely claiming to own cattle and a ranch, to borrow 
 $43 million from lender Third Eye Capital Corp. 
 Read full article » 
 2nd Circ. Revives Chinese Woman's Belated Asylum Bid 
 A split Second Circuit panel on Tuesday paved the way for a woman who 
 was forced by the Chinese government to have an abortion two decades ago 
 to qualify for asylum based on that experience, excusing her entire asylum 
 application from the one-year filing deadline because of her recent 
 conversion to Christianity. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 NYC Doc Convicted In $2M Opioid Scheme Gets 5 Years 
 A New York doctor was sentenced on Tuesday to five years in prison for 
 prescribing nearly 1 million oxycodone pills to patients who didn't actually 
 need them in exchange for cash, reaping $2 million in the process. 
 Read full article » 
 POLICY & REGULATION 
 25 State AGs Urge CFPB Not To Roll Back Overdraft Rule 
 Attorneys general representing half the states in the nation signed on to a 
 Monday letter urging the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau not to alter 
 its overdraft rule, as the agency carries out a mandatory 10-year review of 
 the regulation due to be completed this November. 
 Letter attached I Read full article » 
 Cuomo Wants NY To Probe Facebook Housing Advertisers 
 New York Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo on Monday announced plans for 
 the state's Department of Financial Services to investigate advertisers that 
 allegedly prevent certain protected groups from seeing their housing ads on 
 Facebook. 
 Read full article >> 
 INSURANCE 
 2nd Circ. Agrees Recycling Bin Not A 'Vehicle' Under Policy 
 The Second Circuit on Tuesday upheld a New York federal judge's ruling that 
 a wheeled recycling bin does not qualify as a vehicle in a policy dispute 
 between an insurer and a Manhattan co-op over a gas line ruptured by the 
 bin. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 2nd Circ. Revives Insurers' Fight Over Truck Crash Coverage 
 The Second Circuit has thrown out a win for Country-Wide Insurance Co. in a 
 dispute with United Financial Casualty Co. over coverage for a truck driver 
 Hagens Berman 
 Hangley Aronchick 
 Heiberger & Associates 
 Hilliard & Shadowen LLP 
 Jomarron Lopez 
 Kaufman & Canoles 
 Kenny Nachwalter 
 Kessler Topaz 
 Kramer Levin 
 Labaton Sucharow 
 Lee Litigation Group 
 Levin & Glasser 
 LevinCyphers 
 Lewis Brisbois 
 Littler Mendelson 
 Loeb & Loeb 
 Mayer Brown 
 Miller Law Offices 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Motley Rice 
 Much Shelist 
 Mukasey Frenchman 
 Norton Rose 
 Nussbaum Law Group PC 
 Outten & Golden 
 Pearl Cohen 
 Pierce Bainbridge 
 Pryor Cashman 
 Putney Twombly 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Rivkin Radler 
 Robbins Geller 
 Satterlee Stephens 
 Schiff Hardin 
 Schlichter Bogard 
 Shearman & Sterling 
 Shepherd Finkelman 
 Silver Miller 
 Sperling & Slater 
 Spiritus Law 
 Sullivan & Cromwell 
 Taus Cebulash 
 The Law Offices of Neal Brickman 
 Troutman Sanders 
 Vanek Vickers 
 Weil Gotshal 
 Wilkofsky Friedman 
 Wilson Sonsini 
 Wittels Law 
 Wolcott Rivers 
 EFTA00032584
involved in a three-vehicle crash, saying a lower court improperly concluded 
 that UFCC waited too long to disclaim liability coverage. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 CONSUMER PROTECTION 
 Barilla Dodges Nationwide Class Claims Over Sauce Labels 
 Nationwide class claims in a suit over "no preservatives" labels on Barilla 
 America Inc. pasta sauces cannot proceed, after an Illinois federal judge said 
 on Tuesday it would be unmanageable because of differences among the 
 various states' fraud and consumer protection laws. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 Calif. Business Owner Claims NBA Stole His $50M App Idea 
 A California man is suing the National Basketball Association in New York 
 federal court for $50 million, claiming the league stole his idea for an online 
 app that would give fans prizes if they correctly predicted how their favorite 
 stars would perform. 
 Complaint attached ! Read full article » 
 MEDIA & ENTERTAINMENT 
 Ticket Biz Seeks $378K In Atty Fees After Rival's Sanctions 
 Lawyers who successfully represented Broker Genius Inc. in securing a $4.5 
 million verdict and effectively shutting down a rival over pilfered technology 
 have asked a New York federal court to award their client more than 
 $378,000 in attorney fees and costs for what the company spent on a 
 contempt bid. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 EMPLOYMENT 
 2nd Circ. Sends Home Care Worker's Wage Suit To Arbitration 
 The Second Circuit ruled Tuesday that a New York City home health care 
 provider can push claims that it stiffed a worker on overtime and premium 
 pay into arbitration, saying a trial court misinterpreted a mandatory arbitration 
 clause in a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Decision attached i Read full article » 
 Columbia Univ. Workers Fight To Keep ERISA Suit Alive 
 A class of roughly 24,000 current and former Columbia University workers hit 
 back at the school's bid to exit a suit claiming it mishandled their retirement 
 savings, saying their plans were saddled with high record-keeping fees and 
 that the university knew the plans contained imprudent funds. 
 Memorandum attached I Read full article » 
 SECURITIES & WHITE COLLAR 
 Blockchain Biz Accused Of Inflating Token Value In $3M Sale 
 A blockchain company's unfounded hype and conduct artificially inflated its 
 token value to raise close to $3 million in a token sale, only to see its value 
 plummet by 90% about a month later, a cryptocurrency investment fund told 
 a New York federal court. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 BANKRUPTCY 
 COMPANIES 
 Altman Weil Inc. 
 Apartment Investment & 
 Management Co. 
 Banco Bradesco SA 
 Bank of America Corp. 
 Barilla Holding SpA 
 Bats Global Markets Inc. 
 Beth Israel Deaconess Medical 
 Center 
 Blaqwell Inc. 
 CHX Holdings Inc. 
 Citigroup Inc. 
 Country -Wide Insurance Co. 
 Ditech Holding Corp. 
 Facebook Inc. 
 Fannie Mae 
 Fireman's Fund Insurance Co. 
 Freddie Mac 
 Glenmark Pharmaceuticals 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 LexisNexis Group 
 Los Angeles Lakers 
 Merck & Co Inc. 
 Metropolitan Museum of Art 
 NASDAQ OMX Group Inc. 
 National Basketball Association 
 New York University 
 Par Pharmaceutical Companies, 
 Inc. 
 RELX PLC 
 Statoil ASA 
 Vornado Realty Trust 
 Wells Fargo & Co. 
 Witkoff Group 
 iFinex Inc. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Consumer Financial Protection 
 Bureau 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 Commission 
 European Union 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Food and Drug Administration 
 Hudson River Park Trust 
 New York Attorney General's Office 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 U.S. Attorneys Office 
 U.S. Department of Homeland 
 Security 
 EFTA00032585
Ditech Wins Approval For $52M Bid Protections In Ch. 11 Sale 
 A New York bankruptcy judge on Tuesday approved more than $52 million in 
 bid protections for the stalking horse bidders for Ditech Holding Corp.'s 
 mortgage origination and servicing businesses after consumers and the U.S. 
 Trustee said the company had satisfied their objections. 
 Read full article » 
 BANKING 
 Brazilian Bank To Pay $14.5M To End Investor Suit Over Bribes 
 Investors in Brazilian bank Banco Bradesco SA asked a New York federal 
 court on Monday to give the initial green light to a $14.5 million cash 
 settlement to end a stock-drop suit against the bank for allegedly artificially 
 inflating its securities prices by hiding a tax bribery scheme. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 Investors Fight Exchanges' Appeal Bid In 'Flash Boys' Suits 
 The pension funds behind litigation inspired by the high-frequency trading 
 expose "Flash Boys" asked a New York federal judge on Monday not to send 
 their latest dismissal phase victory up to the Second Circuit. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 ENERGY & ENVIRONMENTAL 
 Statoil, Texaco Units Want Brakes Kept On $16 Award Action 
 A Statoil unit and a Texaco subsidiary have asked a New York federal court to 
 keep on ice their litigation seeking to enforce roughly $1 billion in arbitral 
 awards against Nigeria's state-owned oil company, pointing to related 
 litigation in the West African country. 
 document attached I Read full article » 
 REAL ESTATE & DEVELOPMENT 
 NYC Real Estate Week In Review 
 Loeb & Loeb and Goldberg Weprin were among more than half a dozen law 
 fi rms guiding the largest New York City real estate deals that hit public 
 records last week, most of which were for residential condo units in 
 Manhattan. 
 Read full article » 
 PEOPLE 
 Cooley Nabs Fenwick & West's International Trademark Whiz 
 Cooley LLP's newest litigation department partner, a recruit from Fenwick & 
 West LLP, has made his name taking brands international and wrestling with 
 trademark laws in every corner of the world to do so. 
 Read full article » 
 Pierce Bainbridge Tries To Nix Ex-Partner's 'Rambling' Action 
 Litigation boutique Pierce Bainbridge blasted former partner Donald Lewis' 
 wrongful termination suit as a "rambling, raging screed, full of scandalous 
 and prejudicial matter" in a brief filed Monday asking a New York state court 
 to dismiss the action. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 Real Estate Rumors: Nexus, Aimco, Meridian 
 Developer Nexus is said to have landed $41 million in financing for a 
 California hotel, real estate investment trust Aimco could fetch more than $44 
 U.S. Department of Housing and 
 Urban Development 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 United States Bankruptcy Court for 
 the Southern District of New York 
 United States District Court for the 
 Northern District of Illinois 
 United States District Court for the 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032586
million with the sale of a Chicago apartment tower, and Meridian Properties 
 reportedly picked up two Brooklyn rental buildings for $35.25 million. 
 Read full article » 
 Bitfinex Returns $100M To Tether Amid NY AG Proceeding 
 Bitfinex has repaid $100 million of up to $700 million loaned to it by Tether, 
 the cryptocurrency exchange announced Tuesday, as the companies wrangle 
 with the New York attorney general over the nature of the initial credit facility. 
 Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 High Court Weakens State Laws For Liquor Retailers 
 The U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Tennessee Wine & Spirits Retailers 
 Association v. Thomas does not end the three-tier distribution system that 
 has guided alcohol beverage laws since the end of Prohibition, but it does 
 erode superficial jurisdictional boundaries for retail licensing, says Robert 
 Lewis of Spiritus Law. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Analysis 
 Why BigLaw Isn't As Jazzed About Merging In 2019 
 There's been a noticeable decline in U.S. law firm combinations so far in 
 2019 compared with recent years — and a total absence of major mergers by 
 big firms. Here's a look at what's behind the slump. 
 Read full article » 
 Justice Ginsburg Says She 'Lucked Out' Of BigLaw Career 
 Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said Tuesday that she "lucked our in that she 
 became the second woman on the U.S. Supreme Court rather than a 
 commercial litigator after rampant gender inequality in the legal profession in 
 the 1950s and '60s steered her away from private practice. 
 Read full article » 
 Cooley Hid Conflict While Helping Launch Company, Suit Says 
 Attorneys for Cooley LLP failed to tell a New Jersey chemist that the firm had 
 previously worked with his partner, then represented the partner's interests at 
 the expense of the chemist's while they launched a new company, according 
 to a lawsuit filed Monday in Massachusetts state court. 
 Read full article » 
 Wilson Sonsini Blasts Zetia Buyers' Bid For More Docs 
 Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati has assailed a motion to hand over more 
 documents in a multidistrict litigation against generic-drug maker Zydus over 
 antitrust claims, telling a Virginia federal court it has already provided plaintiff 
 drug buyers with 3,600 pages. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 M&A Associate 
 Perkins Coie LLP 
 New York. New York 
 Mid -sized NY LF seeks add'tl up-and-
 coming partners PB $IM+ 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York. New York 
 Managing Attorney, Northeast Office 
 Earthjustice 
 New York, New York 
 NYC'Corp'Assoc*Mid-sizedtifestyle 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC. New York 
 EFTA00032587
mid level L&E assoc/40 yr old 50 atty NYC 
 firm 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York. New York 
 Stellar mid-sized firm seeks outstanding 
 mid level m&a atty 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC, New York 
 Capital Markets Associate 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP 
 New York, New York 
 Contract Trademark Attorney 
 Epstein Drangel LLP 
 New York. New York 
 Banktcy Boutique Counsel/Partner 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC. New York 
 elite lit boutique // mid level assoc 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York, New York 
 Private Equity Associate 
 Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP 
 New York, New York 
 Mid -Level IP Litigation Associate with Solid 
 Experience in Trademark and Copyright 
 Law 
 Epstein Orange'. LLP 
 New York, New York 
 Not sure if your firm subscrilks? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you rather nor receive tillage entails of this son. 
 you may unsubsetibe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries. please call +I-646-781.7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360I Ponfolio Media.. Inc. III West 19th Street. Sib Floor. New York. NY 10011 
 EFTA00032588
From: Google Alerts <googlealerts-noreply@google.com> 
 To: < 
 Subject: Google Alert - "Michael Cohen" 
 Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2019 22:03:19 +0000 
 "Michael Cohen" 
 Daily update • July 8, 2019 
 NEWS 
 Fed grand jury investigating former Trump inaugural vice chair: Sources 
 WTVD-TV 
 A New York-based federal grand jury is investigating whether Elliott Broidy, a wealthy Republican fundraiser 
 and former co-chair of finance at the ... 
 Trump Pal Elliott Broidy Is Facing Yet Mother Federal Investigation - Vanity Fair 
 Prosecutors are investigating whether GOP donor Elliott Broidy used Trump ties to profit - Vox 
 GOP hush money man Elliott Broidy probed for peddling access to Trump inauguration - New York Daily 
 News 
 Full Coverage 
 F T 
 Flag as irrelevant 
 What We Talk About When We Talk About Receipts 
 Vanity Fair 
 ... Trump adviser Omarosa Manigault Newman teased an appearance on the show, saying, "I'm talking 
 Michael Cohen, and I brought some receipts. 
 F T 
 Flay 
 LETTER TO THE EDITOR: Letters about Trump and Gaetz 
 Houma Courier 
 I have read with interest several letters about our local congressman, Matt Gaetz. and his texted threat to 
 Michael Cohen the night before testimony ... 
 F T 
 Nancy Pelosi Keeps Coming for the Fab Freshmen of Congress But She Doesn't 
 Have the Range 
 The Root 
 Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-N.Y.), Rep. Ayanna Pressley (D-Mass.) and Rep. Rashida Tlaib (D-Mich.) 
 listen as Michael Cohen, former attorney ... 
 F T 
 EFTA00032589
Donald Trump's origin story suffers another severe blow 
 Washington Post 
 Around the same time that was revealed, former Trump attorney Michael Cohen. who flipped on Trump and 
 pleaded guilty to several crimes, released ... 
 F T 
 Jeffrey Epstein charged with two sex trafficking counts - live 
 The Guardian 
 Last year it was revealed that Michael Cohen, Donald Trump's lawyer at the time, arranged for a $1.6m 
 payment to a Playboy playmate in 2017 to ... 
 Trump's labor secretary Alex Acosta at center of Epstein scandal after agreeing to sweetheart deal .. - Daily 
 Mail 
 Full Coverage 
 F T 
 Pay as irru usran 
 A Summary of the Mueller Report Part 3: Russian Contacts with the Trump 
 Campaign 
 Fullerton Observer (press release) (blog) 
 From 2015-2016, Michael Cohen spearheaded the project "including by reporting on the project's status to 
 candidate Trump and other executives in ... 
 F T 
 With new law, Trump's state tax returns could go to Congress 
 cbs4local.com 
 Specifically, he argued that President Trump considering pardons or favorable treatment for his former 
 associates Paul Manafort and Michael Cohen, ... 
 F T 
 A Very Happy Fourth of July: Englewood Gathers for Fireworks 
 Pascack Press & Northern Valley Press 
 ... including state Assemblyman Gordon Johnson, Councilman Charles Cobb, Councilman Michael Cohen 
 and Police Chief Lawrence Suffern, who ... 
 F T 
 Adam Schiff renews focus on former Trump business associate Felix Sater 
 Washington Times 
 Along with Mr. Trump's former personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, Mr. Sater was supposed to be one of the 
 people who could shed light on the leverage ... 
 F T 
 See more results I Edit this alert 
 You have received this email because you have subscribed to Google Alerts. 
 Unsubscribe I View all your alerts 
 i i p,SS Receive this alert as RSS feed 
 EFTA00032590
Court Subpoena 
 Pratt' atatez Piztrid Tx:turf 
 SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
 TO: T-Mobile 
 ME. 
 GREETINGS: 
 WE COMMAND YOU that all and singular business and excuses being laid aside, you appear and attend 
 before the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, 40 Foley Square, in the 
 Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, New York, in the Southern District of New York, at the 
 following date, time and place: 
 Appearance Date: November 29, 2021 Appearance Time: 9:00 a.m. 
 Appearance Place: 40 Foley Square, Courtroom 906 
 to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
 United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
 and not to depart the Court without leave thereof, or of the United States Attorney, and that you bring 
 with you and produce at the above time and place the following: 
 Subscriber records for the following phone number, between 2000-2005: 
 • 
 Failure to attend and produce any items hereby demanded will constitute contempt of court and will 
 subject you to civil sanctions and criminal penalties, in addition to other penalties of the Law. 
 DATED: New York, New York 
 July 28, 2021 
 Is 
 AUDREY STRAUSS 
 United States Attorney for the 
 Southern District of New York 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 One St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, New York 10007 
 Email: 
 Telephone' 
 Rev. 02.01.12 
 EFTA00031979
Send Feedback 
 EFTA00032591
From: ' 
 To: ' (USANYS)" 
 Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
 Date: Sun, 07 Jul 2019 17:35:18 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 )" < 
 Thank you — really appreciate it. And appreciate your encouragement along the way! 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Sunday, July 07, 2019 13:31 
 To: 
 'ca• 
 Subject: Fwd: Jeffrey Epstein 
 Congratulations. What a worthy case. 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From:' (USANYS)" < 
 Date: July 7, 2019 at 1:08:19 PM EDT 
 To: " 
 Cc: ' 
 Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
 (USANYS)" 
 Hey PCU — As you likely may have seen/heard at this point, last evening, we arrested Jeffrey Epstein on sex trafficking 
 charges. Epstein is in custody and will be presented and arraigned on an Indictment that will be unsealed tomorrow 
 morning. 
 The case is an incredibly important one — not only is the conduct extremely serious and deeply disturbing — but our 
 charges ensure that dozens if not more of Epstein's victims, girls who were as young as 14 at the time they were abused, 
 will finally have their day in court. It is an extraordinarily worthy prosecution and just the latest example of how this 
 unit will never shy away from bringing tough cases against powerful people who have committed grievous crimes. 
 Please join me and in extending a very well-deserved congratulations to the team, 
 who have worked tirelessly to make this case happen (and happen so quickly). They have done us all proud, and if you 
 are free, we hope you join us for the press conference formally announcing the charges, which should happen Monday 
 morning at 11. 
 • & 
 EFTA00032592
From: le alMIE> 
 To: altANI.a),
 II 
 Subject: 17(c) letter 
 Date Thu, 18 Nov 2021 04:57:14 +0000 
 Attachments: 2021.11.18_Mot_to_quash.pdf; 2021.11.18_Mot_to_quash.docx 
 Hi all, 
 17(c) letter attached. If nobody has a minute to skim or read this between now and voir dire—which is my guess, given 
 the timing—I'll just send to at 8:30. 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 Saint Andrews Plaza 
 New York, New York 10007 
 EFTA00032593
From: Sigrid McCawley 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 (USANYS)"  
 Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: Rule 17(c) subpoena 
 Date: Thu, 18 Nov 2021 11:42:21 +0000 
 I am sony I missed this email. I am available this morning if you want to speak. 
 Get Outlook for iOS 
 From: 
 (USANYS) 
 Sent: Wednesday, November 17, 2021 10:46:02 PM 
 To: Sigrid McCawley 
 Cc:
 Subject: RE: Rule 17(c) subpoena 
 Hi Sigrid, 
 Do you have 5 minutes to chat tonight or early tomorrow morning? 
 Thanksl 
 From: Sigrid McCawley < 
 Sent: Tuesday, November 16, 2021 5:51 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: 
 Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: Rule 17(c) subpoena 
 Sounds good 
 Get Outlook for iOS 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Tuesday, November 16, 2021 5:49:58 PM 
 To: Sigrid McCawley 
 Cc: ;I 
 Subject: RE: Rule 17(c) subpoena 
 Hi Sigrid — Sorry for the delay. I will call you in a few minutes if that still works for you. 
 From: Sigrid McCawley < 
 Sent: Tuesday, November 16, 20215:37 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: 
 EFTA00032594
Subject: [EXTERNAL] RE: Rule 17(c) subpoena 
 Hi MI— just checking in to see if you will be calling me or if there is a dial in? Or maybe you are still busy in court? 
 Best, 
 Sigrid 
 Sigrid McCawley 
 Partner 
 BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP 
 401 E. Las Olas Blvd. Suite 1200 
 Fort Lauderdale, FL, 33301 
 www.bsfllp.com 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Monday, November 15, 2021 9:38 PM 
 To: Sigrid McCawley < 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Rule 17(c) subpoena 
 Hi Sigrid, 
 > 
 Attached is a motion that Maxwell's counsel filed seeking to subpoena information from the Epstein Victim Compensation 
 Fund, including information about . We intend to file a motion to quash the subpoena later this week. Happy to 
 have a call if you would like to discuss or have any questions. 
 Separately, can we find a time to talk tomorrow or Wednesday about scheduling? I'll be in court for jury selection, but I'm 
 free during the break from 1-2 p.m. EST or after 5 p.m. EST. 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 One St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, New York 10007 
 Tel: (-
 The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that. among 
 other protections. is the subject of attorney-client privilege. attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not 
 the named recipient. or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination. distribution. copying or other use 
 of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error. please immediately notify the sender by replyng to this 
 electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. (v.1 08201831BS9 
 The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that. among 
 other protections. is the subject of attorney-client privilege. attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not 
 the named recipient. or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient. you are hereby notified that any dissemination. distribution. copying or other use 
 of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error. please immediately notify the sender by replyng to this 
 electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. (v.I 082018318Sn 
 The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information .tended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that. among 
 other protections. is the subject of attomey-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not 
 EFTA00032595
the named recipient or the employee or agent responsible to deliver d to the named recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination. distribubat copying or other use 
 of this common:cation is strictly prohibited and no pivnlege * waived. If you have received this communication n error. please immediately notify the sender by replyng to this 
 e!ectromc message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. (v.1 08201831889 
 EFTA00032596
From: alMIE> 
 To: MIMr 
 <a, 
 (USANYS)" 
 Cc: '> 
 'n 
 (USANYS)"
 Subject: Motion to quash 
 Date: mu, 18 Nov 2021 14:08:16 +0000 
 Attachments: 2021.11.18_Mot_to_quash_v2.docx; 
 2021.11.14 Mtn for Order_Auth_a_Sub_Pursnt_to_F.R.Crim.P 17(c) 
 (3)_re.M.W.pdf; 2021.11.14_Ex._1.pdf 
 Hey Chiefs, 
 Attached is the draft motion to quash the defense subpoena, along with their motion and subpoena for your reference. 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 Saint Andrews Plaza 
 New York, New York 10007 
 EFTA00032597
From: ' 
 To: 
 Cc: ' " ' 
 I, H 
 Subject: FW: [EXTERNAL] Letter from Client "Confidential Communication" 
 Date: Fri, 19 Nov 2021 22:46:24 +0000 
 Attachments: PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL_2.pdf 
 Hi M. 
 Would you please add this to NTW fo 
 Thanks, 
 From: I 
 Sent: Friday, November 19, 2021 3:38 PM 
 To: 
 >; I
 Subject: Fwd: [EXTERNAL] Letter from Client"Confidential Communication" 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: 
 Date: November 19, 2021 at 3:28:49 PM EST 
 To:" 
 l" 
 To All Concerned: Please find the attached letter authored by my Client 
 Cordially, 
 EFTA00032598
PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL 
 Dear 
 It has been a long time since we were here in together and that meeting is often in 
 my thoughts. I hope that you are all well. I am so grateful we managed to speak despite the 
 pandemic — thank you for travelling to see me. I hose that ou received the additional 
 information sent to you a while ago 
 Please can someone let me know if it is possible to listen in on the trial or get daily 
 transcripts? No one has been in touch with me since we spoke. My understanding was that 
 victims would be kept informed of events? Please can you tell me who I contact? 
 I specifically wanted to let you know that 
 EFTA00032599
I feel that some people don't 
 see me as a rea person wit ee ings. I ee comp ete y exposed to a nightmare that I have 
 been so violently thrown into without my consent or voice... this is one of the reasons why I 
 so appreciated being able to speak with you in ao set the record straight. 
 Something that struck a chord with me was written by the author Chimanda Ngozi Adichie: 
 'In this age of social media, where a story travels the world in minutes, silence sometimes 
 means that other people can hijack your story and soon, their false version becomes the 
 defining story about you. The assumption of good faith is dead..... 
 Yours sincerel 
 EFTA00032600
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: CBP Question 
 Date: Fri, 30 Jul 2021 13:10:40 +0000 
 It seems like he checked two name variations for but did he separately run her DOB and document numbers in case 
 there are other spellings in the system? 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, July 29, 2021 9:47 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subjec : • : • 0 ues ion 
 Hey. 
 As discussed, I reviewed all the travel records you sent. Unfortunately, the outbound travel records were not recorded in 
 CBP database during that time (between 1990-2000) as they are today. In short, the TECS travel records you have for 
 Maxwell and Epstein are all we have in CBP holdings so there's nothing further I can provide for that date range. However, 
 if you want travel records beyond 2000 I can certainly provide that just let me know if you have a specific date range you 
 looking for. 
 Since has two different name variations (with and without the space in her surname) you were 
 provided two separate TECS travel records. After reviewing both records, they are accurate and include all her travel 
 crossings recorded in CBP holdings. Attached is an excel spreadsheet that includes her full travel crossings in chronological 
 order for you to cross reference with the TECS records provided. Hopefully it will make it easier to review her travel rather 
 than going back and forth between the two PDFs. 
 If you need any additional info (visa/passport applications, travel records, etc.) or have any questions please don't hesitate 
 to reach out! 
 Respectfully, 
 U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
 Task Force Officer - SDNY 
 US Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 (LES/FOUO) LAW ENFORCEMENT SENSITIVE - FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY 
 WARNING: 
 The information contained in this email is considered confidential and sensitive in nature as well as sensitive but 
 unclassified and/or legally privileged information. It is not to be released to the media, the general public, or to non-law 
 enforcement personnel who do not have a "need-to-know". This information is not to be posted on the Internet, or 
 disseminated through unsecured channels, and is intended for law enforcement personnel only. It is solely for the use of 
 the intended recipient(s). Unauthorized interception, review, use or disclosure is prohibited and may violate applicable laws 
 including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and 
 destroy all copies of the communication. 
 EFTA00031980
From: 
 " aNIMIE> 
 To: ' )" , ' " 
 Subject: RE: Jury instructions letter 
 Date: Sat, 20 Nov 2021 23:56:31 +0000 
 Attachments: 2021-11-20 _ GM _ edits_ to _limiting_instructions_v3i.)).docx 
 Thanks so much, My thoughts and edits attached. This goes to next, I think. 
 From: 
 ) w> 
 Sent: Saturday, November 20, 20215:35 PM 
 To: 
 c >; 
 Subject: Jury instructions letter 
 Hey team, 
 Jury instructions letter attached. Comments welcome. 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 New York, New York 10007 
 EFTA00032601
From: "a" alMIE> 
 To: Nathan NYSD Chambers <1.> 
 Cc: 
 Christian Everdell 
 SANYS 
 Jeff Pagliuca Laura Menninger 
 Subject: US v. Maxwell - Government Reply regarding GX 52 
 Date: Sun, 21 Nov 2021 16:50:42 +0000 
 Attachments: 2021-11-20_GM_reply_re_GX-52_final.pdf 
 Chambers, 
 Attached please find the Government's reply brief regarding Government Exhibit 52, which the Government submits 
 temporarily under seal. 
 Respectfully submitted, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 New York, New York 10007 
 EFTA00032602
From: Newsday Update <newsletters@e.newsday.com>
 To: -4 
 Subject: LI fatal opioid overdoses drop 24 percent, officials say 
 Date: Wed, 10 Jul 2019 09:02:37 +0000 
 22, 
 Morning Update 
 SUBSCRIBE TO NEWSD 
 LI fatal opioid overdoses drop 24 percent, 
 officials say 
 The deaths fell a combined total of nearly 24 percent last year in the two 
 counties, officials said. 
 EFTA00032603
GJ 
 ;‘','Newsday 
 Cover 
 Read 
 Today's Paper 
 ,Crosswo 
 rd 
 Play Stan Newman's 
 Crossword 
 EFTA00032604
Clerk files suit to block NY immigrant 
 license law 
 The governor signed the bill despite concern about whether federal immigration 
 officials could access drivers' information. 
 Advertisement 
 EFTA00032605
Suffolk lawmakers: Halt red light camera 
 program 
 EFTA00032606
The criticism from Republicans comes as lawmakers plan a public hearing on 
 whether to extend the contract. 
 Get breaking news as it happens. Sign up for our email 
 news alerts. 
 SIGN UP 
 EFTA00032607
Video shows Ller distraught after fatal 
 bar fight 
 Samuel White is on trial on first-degree manslaughter charges in the death of a 
 Bay Shore man. 
 Watch: Limited-run beer being produced 
 for Jones Beach charity run 
 Brewers from around Long Island are working to produce a limited-run charity 
 beer for the 14th annual Marcum Workplace Challenge run-walk at Jones 
 Beach State Park on July 30. 
 EFTA00032608
Editorial: Secretary of labor should step 
 down 
 Alexander Acosta played a questionable role in the sordid story of Jeffrey 
 Epstein. 
 EFTA00032609
2 plead guilty, fined $21G for 
 overcrowded house 
 A raid found 32 seasonal workers lived in the property, with most sleeping in a 
 basement alongside a generator and gasoline. 
 Advertisement 
 EFTA00032610
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
 SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
 UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
 v. 
 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
 GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
 Defendant. 
 REPLY MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL 
 pi SUPPORT OF HER THIRD MOTION FOR RAII 
 Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemhcim 
 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor 
 New York NY 10011 
 Phone: 
 Christian R. Everdell 
 COHEN & GRESSER LLP 
 800 Third Avenue 
 New York NY 10022 
 Phone:_ 
 Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 
 Laura A. Mcnninger 
 HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.0 
 150 East 10th Avenue 
 Denver CO 80203 
 Phone: 
 Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell 
 EFTA00031918
DISSEMINATION INSTRUCTIONS: This document is marked Law Enforcement Sensitive/For Official Use Only and may 
 be disseminated, with proper attribution, to Law Enforcement, DOD, or U.S. Intelligence Agencies. Further disclosure to 
 unauthorized entities could jeopardize ongoing investigations, operations, and personal safety. This product shall not be 
 released to the public or media. 
 From 
 Sen • • 
 To: 
 c: 
 Subject: RE: CBP Question 
 Thanks again for helping; we really appreciate it. Attached are the records. Please let us know if you have any questions. 
 Thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, July 29, 2021 5:31 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: CBP Question 
 HeyM 
 Sorry I was on the road but I spoke withMie filled me in on what your looking for. I'm also available for a call to 
 further discuss. 
 Respectfully, 
 U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
 Task Force Officer - SONY 
 US Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 (LES/FOUO) LAW ENFORCEMENT SENSITIVE - FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY 
 WARNING: 
 The information contained in this email is considered confidential and sensitive in nature as well as sensitive but 
 unclassified and/or legally privileged information. It is not to be released to the media, the general public, or to non-law 
 enforcement personnel who do not have a "need-to-know". This information is not to be posted on the Internet, or 
 disseminated through unsecured channels, and is intended for law enforcement personnel only. It is solely for the use of 
 the intended recipient(s). Unauthorized interception, review, use or disclosure is prohibited and may violate applicable 
 laws including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender 
 and destroy all copies of the communication. 
 DISSEMINATION INSTRUCTIONS: This document is marked Law Enforcement Sensitive/For Official Use Only and may be 
 disseminated, with proper attribution, to Law Enforcement, DOD, or U.S. Intelligence Agencies. Further disclosure to 
 EFTA00031981
Pitchers dominate as AL beats NL in All-
 Star Game 
 EFTA00032611
American League wins its seventh consecutive Midsummer Classic. There 
 were 23 strikeouts, with the NL fanning 16 times. 
 Jury: Ex-charity head stole from NY 
 nonprofit 
 Wafa Abboud, the former head of the nonprofit Human First, was convicted of 
 embezzling money, conspiracy and bank fraud. 
 EFTA00032612
31 garden chores and tips for July 
 "Summertime, and the livin's easy! 
 EFTA00032613
Bellone uses rare veto over health center 
 contract 
 Bellone said lawmakers have "no legal authority" and the resolution cannot be 
 legally sustained. 
 EFTA00032614
Union rep: Class sizes will grow in 
 Wyandanch 
 The district's bare-bones budget means average class sizes in elementary 
 grades will rise to about 32 this fall. 
 EFTA00032615
CDC: Parents should be aware of polio-
 like illness 
 Acute flaccid myelitis, a rare but serious viral infection simply known as AFM, 
 strikes in late summer through early fall. 
 EFTA00032616
Your guide to a Hamptons vacation 
 Where to stay and what to do on a day trip -- or a weekend getaway. 
 EFTA00032617
Report: SBU's economic effect worth 
 $7.23B a year 
 Together, the university and its medical center are LI's largest "single-site 
 employer," with nearly 16,000 employees. 
 Sign up for more newsletters 
 View this email in  your browser 
 Copyright@ 2019 Newsday. All rights reserved. 
 EFTA00032618
Want to change how you receive these emails? 
 You can update your preferences or unsubscribe from this list. 
 EFTA00032619
From: (USANYS)" 
 ci
 To: 'USANYS)" , " " 
 Subject: RE: Proposed Budget -- USA v. Maxwell 
 Date: Tue, 31 Aug 2021 00:35:57 +0000 
 Attachments: USA47_Request_form.pdf; Lit_Consultant_SOWJTaylor_Trial_Consulting).docx; 
 Budget_Proposal_for Jury_Consulting_Services_fordoex 
 Please see attached. I didn't fill out the TIN on the USA47 request form. Please let us know if you need anything further. 
 Thanks! 
 From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Thursday, August 26, 2021 11:26 AM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 < 
 Subject: FW Proposed Budget -- USA v. Maxwell 
 I found the vendor in UFMS. No need for the vendor form. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Thursday, August 26, 2021 11:14 AM 
 To: 
 < >;
 >; 
 Subject: FW: Proposed Budget -- USA v. Maxwell 
 Hi —
 Please complete the USA4 request form, SOW, and have the vendor complete the payment info form. Return to me to 
 process. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Thursday, August 26, 2021 11:03 AM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) <> 
 Subject: FW: Proposed Budget -- USA v. Maxwell 
 We are going to go ahead with this litigation consultant. Please work with and 
 on it. 
 Thanks, 
 EFTA00032620
unauthorized entities could jeopardize ongoing investigations, operations, and personal safety. This product shall not be 
 released to the public or media. 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursda Jul29, 2021 3:56:15 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: CBP Question 
 r
 UTION: This email originated from outside of DHS. DO NOT click links or open attachments unless you recognize and/or trust the 
 ender. If you feel this is a suspicious-looking email, please report by using the Report Phish button option. 
 Hi Ray, 
 I hope you are well! passed along your info to us. We were hoping to connect with you by phone about a 
 question in one of our cases. Do you have time to talk today or tomorrow morning? 
 Thanks so much! 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 New York, New York 10007 
 EFTA00031982
From: Paulette Taylor < 
 Sent: Wednesday, July 21, 2021 7:16 PM 
 To: (USANYS) <> 
 Subject: Proposed Budget -- USA v. Maxwell 
 N -
 Here is the budget for the focus group, pretrial juror questionnaire, and feedback on the opening statement and closing 
 argument. 
 The proposal does not assume we would review and grade the completed juror questionnaires. As I noted in the 
 proposal, the cost is approximately $8,000 per 100 questionnaires as we can grade only 5 or 6 an hour. We have not 
 provided this service in recent cases, e.g., Silver and Skelos. However, we have provided it in earlier cases, e.g., Martha 
 Stewart, where we were also present in court during jury selection. 
 I am suggesting we hold the focus group on Friday, October 1, subject to consensus among the team. I can be available on 
 other dates as necessary. 
 Let me know what questions you have. 
 —Paulette 
 Taylor'd Trial Consulting 
 Paulette Taylor, President 
 EFTA00032621
UNITED STATESATTORNEYS Request, Authorization, and Order for Services of 
 Expert Witness, Litigative Consultant, or ADR Neutral 
 Contract/Purchase Order No.: Date: 
 Part I— Request for Services 
 1. Requesting Official (Name & Title) • ture of Reques II • Official 3. Point of Contact (Name and Tel.) 
 Telephone: 
 4. Date of Request 
 8/30/2021 
 5. Proparor (Name & Tel.) 6. Originating Office (Name & Address) 
 U.S. Attorne 'a Office SDNY 
 7. Case Name, Court 8 Ct. Docket No. 
 US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 
 8. DJ File No./USAO No. 
 2018R01618 
 9. Contractor (Name and Tel.) 
 Taylor Trial Consulting 
 Telephone: 
 10. Contractor Mailing Address 11. Contractor TIN or SSN (individual) 12. Contractor Specialty 
 Jury consulting services 
 13. Reason for Request (Place an "X" in the applicable Box in the Left Column) 
 13.a. Expert Testimony on Behalf of U.S. 
 13.b. Deposition Conducted by DOJ Attorney 
 13.c. Medical Examination of Plaintiff/Witness/Defendant in Contemplation of Testimony on Behalf of U.S. 
 13.d. Examination Under 18 USC 4241. Mental Competency to Stand Trial Only 
 13.e. Dual Purpose Psychiatric Examination (Time of Offense and Competency to Stand Trial) on the motion of: 
 13.1. ADR Neutral Services 
 X 13.g. Laically° Consultant Services 
 13.h. Other (explain below): 
 Attach the Statement of Work to this Form 
 14. Negotiated Contractor Rates, Estimated Expenses. and Performance Dates (Note: Expenses Incurred must be supported by receipts) 
 Serylce/Expense Performance Dates (From-To) Hour/Day Quantity Rate Total 
 14.a. Examine Case - Hour $ 0.00 
 14.b. Prepare Testimony - Hour $ 0.00 
 14.c. Court Testimony - Hour $ 0.00 
 14.d. Deposition - Hour $ 0.00 
 14.e. Litigative ConsultanUNeutral - Hour $ 0.00 
 14.f. Per Diem (if not part of fee) Day $ 0.00 
 14.g. Privately Owned Vehicle (NTE coach rate) Mile $ 0.00 
 14.h. Common Carrier Transportation Via GTA 
 14.1. Common Carrier Transportation Reimbursed 
 14.). Miscellaneous 
 14.k. Total Estimated Expenses 
 1 
 $ 63,000.00 
 15. Submit Invoices & EFT Information to: 
 U.S. Attorney's Office. SDNY 
 Bud. et 8 Fiscal Unit 
 16. Payment will bo made by: (Place an 'X" in the applicable Box and fill.in if not Jfv10/Finance) 
 X Box 15 
 Form USA-47 (Revised 5-2008) 
 Page I of 2 
 EFTA00032622
From: New York Law360 <news-alt(aw360.com> 
 To: < 
 Subject: Greenberg Traurig Can't Avoid Trial In Forgery Suit 
 Date: Wed, 21 Nov 2018 08:58:00 +0000 
 i- aw360 New York 
 NEW YORK 
 Law360 Closed For Thanksgiving 
 Newsletter service will resume on Monday, Nov. 26 
 Wednesday, November 21, 2018 Follow Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Greenberg Traurig Can't Avoid Trial In Forgery Suit 
 A state judge in Manhattan on Tuesday rejected a request by Greenberg 
 Traurig LLP to avoid a trial in a suit by a former Apollo fund manager who 
 says the firm knowingly used a forged document in litigation against him, 
 saying all that is left of the case must be decided by a jury in April. Read full 
 article » 
 Vijay Singh, PGA Settle 5-Year Deer-Antler Doping Saga 
 Golfer Vijay Singh has settled his lawsuit alleging the PGA Tour acted in bad 
 faith by suspending him for using a deer-antler supplement that wasn't 
 actually banned, according to documents filed Tuesday in New York state 
 court. Read full article » 
 Prison An Ignominious End To Gun Atty's Career, Judge Says 
 A Manhattan federal judge hit gun lawyer John Chambers with a year and a 
 day in prison Tuesday for bribing a former New York City police sergeant for 
 favors in securing clients' gun permits, saying the sentence marked "an 
 ignominious end to a legal career that started with so much promise." Read 
 full article » 
 UK Lawyer Gets 20 Months For Decade Of Dodging US Taxes 
 A Manhattan federal judge sentenced English lawyer Michael Little to 20 
 months in prison Tuesday for helping the children of a deceased investor 
 dodge taxes on their $14 million inheritance over a decade and for failing to 
 pay his own taxes, ruling also that the former Royal Marine lied as he 
 testified in his own defense. Read full article » 
 US Nabs Swiss Banker Wanted In Failed Case Against PE CEO 
 A Swiss banker wanted for years by U.S. authorities for an alleged market 
 manipulation scheme has been arrested and extradited to the U.S., to face 
 fraud and conspiracy charges in a stock manipulation case that once 
 targeted private equity CEO Benjamin Wey before it fell apart. Read full 
 article » 
 CONSUMER PROTECTION 
 Spirit Passengers' Bag-Fee Fraud Suit Preempted 
 b i a l.aw360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Akerman 
 Allen & Overy 
 Baker McKenzie 
 Boehl Stopher 
 Brenner Saltzman 
 Brune Law PC 
 CKR Law LLP 
 Cadwalader Wickersham 
 Cahill Gordon 
 Caplin & Drysdale 
 Casillas Santiago 
 Clifford Chance 
 Covington & Burling 
 Cravath Swaine 
 DLA Piper 
 Davis Polk 
 Debevoise & Plimpton 
 Dewey Pegno 
 Dykema Gossett PLLC 
 EFTA00032623
A New York federal judge on Tuesday tossed a proposed class action 
 alleging Spirit Airlines Inc. defrauded consumers by concealing its carry-on 
 bag fees on tickets sold through other online travel agents, saying federal law 
 preempts their contract and fraud claims. Read full article » 
 SECURITIES & WHITE COLLAR 
 Vending Machine Co. Staff Ask 2nd Circ. To Nix Fraud Raps 
 A group of former employees of a defunct Long Island vending machine 
 company on Tuesday urged the Second Circuit to vacate their convictions for 
 defrauding customers by lying about the money-making potential of the 
 machines, with one worker citing ineffective assistance of counsel. Read full 
 article » 
 Convicted Ex-Vereit Exec Attacks Witness' Credibility 
 Convicted former Vereit Inc. executive Brian Block angled for a retrial on 
 Tuesday, attacking the credibility of a government cooperator who was 
 offered part of another witness' whistleblower payout — a fact Block says 
 prosecutors withheld. Read full article » 
 Investor Sues Foot Locker Over $6B Market Cap Drop 
 A Foot Locker Inc. shareholder filed a derivative suit against the company's 
 officers and directors on Tuesday, claiming their actions and 
 misrepresentations led to a nearly $6 billion drop in the company's market 
 capitalization — representing more than half of the company's value — over 
 the course of eight months in 2017. Read full article » 
 Altice Slammed With Stock-Drop Suit After $2.2B IPO 
 A putative class of investors filed a complaint in New York federal court on 
 Monday alleging that cable television provider Altice USA Inc. misled them in 
 the lead-up to the company's $2.2 billion initial public offering before the 
 stock plunged 43 percent. Read full article » 
 Investcorp Slams Hedge Fund's Bid To Keep $100M Suit Alive 
 Investment adviser Investcorp lambasted Kortright Capital Partners LP in a 
 heated exchange over whether Investcorp can duck the sole remaining claim 
 in a $100 million suit alleging it defaulted on investment promises by pulling 
 funds out of Kortright ahead of a deal with another party, according to new 
 fi lings in New York federal court. Read full article » 
 EMPLOYMENT 
 Ex -NFL Security Personnel Shorted On OT, Benefits, Suit Says 
 A group of former National Football League security personnel filed a 
 proposed class action in a New York federal court Tuesday claiming the 
 league misclassified them as independent contractors as a way to deny them 
 overtime and benefits. Read full article » 
 COMPETITION 
 Firm's Antitrust Claims Survive In Interest Rate Swaps MDL 
 A New York federal judge on Tuesday denied a bid to dismiss fintech firm 
 trueEX LLC's antitrust claims against 11 banks that allegedly boycotted the 
 fi rm's interest rate swaps platform and funneled business to an exchange that 
 they operated, finding the allegations mirrored others in the multidistrict 
 litigation that were allowed to pass through. Read full article » 
 Metaswitch Says Rival Telecom Co. Tried To Kill Competition 
 Metaswitch Networks Ltd., a telecommunications company, filed an antitrust 
 complaint in New York federal court Tuesday alleging that another telecom 
 intended to eliminate competition among companies that transform landline 
 Earthjustice 
 Eversheds Sutherland 
 Fitch Law Partners 
 Foley & Lardner 
 Fredericks Peebles 
 Freshfields 
 Fried Frank 
 Gallet Dreyer 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Gleiss Lutz 
 Goodwin 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Halperin Battaglia 
 Hanamirian Law Firm 
 Hermina Law Group 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Holwell Shuster 
 Hughes Hubbard 
 James Montgomery 
 Jenner & Block 
 Jones Day 
 Kaplan Hecker 
 Katten Muchin 
 Klee Tuchin 
 Kostelanetz & Fink 
 Lankier Siffert 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Levi & Korsinsky 
 Lewis Brisbois 
 Linklaters 
 Milbank Tweed 
 Morvillo Abramowitz 
 Native American Rights Fund 
 O'Melveny & Myers 
 O'Neill & Borges 
 Paul Hastings 
 Paul Weiss 
 Proskauer Rose 
 Ray Quinney 
 Reed Smith 
 Schiff Hardin 
 Sepulvado Maldonado 
 Seward & Kissel 
 Shearman & Sterling 
 Sher Tremonte 
 Simpson Thacher 
 Skadden 
 Steptoe & Johnson LLP 
 Stites & Harbison 
 Sullivan & Cromwell 
 The Chandra Law Firm 
 EFTA00032624
phone networks through serial acquisitions and exclusionary tactics. Read 
 full article » 
 BANKRUPTCY 
 Revised Puerto Rico Sales Tax Plan Cleared For Creditor Vote 
 A plan to restructure nearly $18 billion in debt carried by the Puerto Rico 
 Sales Tax Corp., or COFINA, will go to a creditor vote, the judge presiding 
 over the U.S. territory's bankruptcy-like proceedings ruled Tuesday, putting 
 the agency on track to confirm its debt adjustment scheme by mid-January. 
 Read full article » 
 Provant Creditors File Ch. 11 Clawback Over $2M Transfer 
 The official committee of unsecured creditors of Provant Health has sued a 
 group of company equity owners, claiming they improperly transferred more 
 than $2 million from the company to avoid their guaranty obligations. Read 
 full article » 
 BANKING 
 OCC Says NY Still Jumping The Gun On Fintech Charter Suit 
 No one has yet applied for or received a fintech charter from the Office of the 
 Comptroller of the Currency, and that undercuts the latest attempt by New 
 York's financial services regulator to block the charter in court, counsel for the 
 office told a Manhattan federal judge. Read full article » 
 TAX 
 NJ Atty Makes Coy Push For Lead In Danish Tax Fraud MDL 
 Cryptic concerns about international criminal investigations were not enough 
 Tuesday to secure New Jersey attorney John M. Hanamirian a leadership 
 role defending hundreds of American pension plans against multidistrict 
 litigation accusing them of cheating Danish tax authorities, a Manhattan 
 federal judge said in court. Read full article » 
 IMMIGRATION 
 Michael Cohen-Linked Atty Found Guilty Of Asylum Fraud 
 An immigration lawyer linked to President Donald Trump's former attorney 
 Michael Cohen was found guilty of lying on more than 100 asylum 
 applications to immigration authorities and aggravated identity theft following 
 a two-week trial, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New 
 York said Monday. Read full article » 
 ENERGY & ENVIRONMENTAL 
 States, Dem Legislators Back Monument Suits Against Trump 
 Democratic lawmakers and several states urged a D.C. federal court Monday 
 to hear out challenges by environmental groups and tribes to President 
 Donald Trump's decision to shrink national monuments in Utah, joining a host 
 of others questioning Trump's authority under the Antiquities Act. Read full 
 article » 
 REAL ESTATE & DEVELOPMENT 
 Siemens Accuses NYC Of 'Reckless Conduct' In $143M Suit 
 New York City owes a Siemens AG unit at least $143 million for "grossly 
 negligent and reckless conduct" during the construction of a water treatment 
 plant in the Bronx, the company said in a state lawsuit filed Monday. Read full 
 article » 
 Weiser Law Firm PC 
 White & Case 
 Williams & Connolly 
 Willkie Farr 
 Winston & Strawn 
 Wollmuth Maher 
 COMPANIES 
 Altice SA 
 Altice USA 
 Amazon.com Inc. 
 American Airlines Group Inc. 
 Association on American Indian 
 Affairs 
 BB&T Corporation 
 BC Partners 
 BNP Paribas 
 Bank of America Corporation 
 Barclays Investment Bank 
 Center for Biological Diversity 
 Citigroup Inc. 
 Conference of State Bank 
 Supervisors 
 Credit Agricole SA 
 Deer Consumer Products Inc. 
 Defenders of Wildlife 
 Deutsche Bank AG 
 Expedia Inc. 
 Foot Locker Inc. 
 Garda World Security Corp. 
 Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 
 HighQ Solutions Ltd. 
 Hooper Holmes, Inc 
 Information Security Forum Ltd. 
 Information Systems Security 
 Association 
 Investcorp Bank BSC 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. 
 Man Group PLC 
 McMahon & Associates CPAs 
 Morgan Stanley 
 NASDAQ OMX Group Inc. 
 NFL Enterprises LLC 
 National Congress of American 
 Indians 
 National Parks Conservation 
 Association 
 National Trust for Historic 
 Preservation 
 Natural Resources Defense 
 Council 
 EFTA00032625
Real Estate Rumors: Palmcorp, Wells And Goldman, Redwood 
 Palmcorp Development has reportedly landed nearly $14 million in financing 
 for a project to build single-family homes in Miami, Wells and Goldman are 
 said to have loaned a combined $156 million for a New York retail and 
 residential building, and Redwood Partners has reportedly bought a Long 
 Beach, California, office campus for $60.5 million. Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 Emerging Cybersecurity Threats In The Legal Industry 
 Predicting how the cybersecurity landscape will develop is critical for any 
 organization wanting to mitigate the risk of the inevitable future attack. 
 Michael Hall of HighQ Solutions Ltd. discusses five threats to look out for in 
 the next 12 months. Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 BigLaw Firms Take Cravath's Cue On Holiday Bonuses 
 Shortly after Cravath Swaine & Moore LLP's announcement that the firm 
 would dole out end-of-year bonuses to associates in line with previous years, 
 a smattering of BigLaw firms pronounced Tuesday that they would follow suit. 
 Read full article » 
 Akerman's Ex-CEO Back In Leadership Role After Shakeup 
 Akerman LLP's newest chairman and CEO has ended his term after fewer 
 than 10 months, and his predecessor has stepped in to resume his old post, 
 the Florida-based firm announced on Monday. Read full article » 
 Baker McKenzie Is Strongest Brand In Mainland Europe 
 Baker McKenzie is the law firm best positioned to take advantage of rising 
 legal spending in Europe, according to a survey released Tuesday by London 
 research firm Acritas. Read full article » 
 Lewis Brisbois Attys Threatened With Jail For Order Breach 
 A Dallas judge has threatened to jail a representative of security company 
 GardaWorld and attorneys at Lewis Brisbois for refusing to turn over GPS 
 data for a truck involved in a fatal collision. Read full article » 
 Legal Industry Lags In AI, Machine Learning Use 
 A recent survey by analytics firm RELX Group found that the legal industry 
 lags behind other industries in utilizing big data, artificial intelligence and 
 machine learning in their work, with legal industry executives also much more 
 skeptical of the potential use for Al in their field. Read full article » 
 Law Firm Leaders: Schiff Hardin's Marci Eisenstein 
 Marci Eisenstein, the first woman managing partner of Chicago-based Schiff 
 Hardin LLP, spoke to Law360 about the changing business of law, the 
 challenges facing the legal industry and how her firm works to distinguish 
 itself in an increasingly competitive market. Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Associate Attorney 
 Marks O'Neill O'Brien Doherty & Kelly PC 
 New York. New York 
 Employment Associate / NY midsize law 
 firm 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York. New York 
 NYC'Corp*AssoeMid•sized"Lifestyle 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC. New York 
 L&E Partner •Mid•sized NYC law firm 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York City. New York 
 New York Post 
 PGA TOUR Inc. 
 RBC Capital Markets 
 Reed Elsevier 
 Scotiabank Global Banking and 
 Markets 
 Siemens AG 
 Sierra Club 
 SmartHeat Inc. 
 Spirit Airlines Inc. 
 TO Securities Inc. 
 The Bank of New York Mellon 
 Corp. 
 The Priceline Group Inc. 
 The Wilderness Society 
 Travelocity.com LP 
 Vereit Inc. 
 WeWork LLC 
 Wells Fargo & Co. 
 World Anti-Doping Agency 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 European Union 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Hopi Tribe 
 Internal Revenue Service 
 Navajo Nation 
 New York State Department of 
 Financial Services 
 Office of the Comptroller of the 
 Currency 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 United States Bankruptcy Court for 
 the Southern District of New York 
 Ute Indian Tribe 
 Ute Mountain Ute Tribe 
 EFTA00032626
Labor & Employment Associate 
 Epstein Becker & Green, PC 
 New York. New York 
 Corporate Associate (New York Office) 
 McCarter & English. LLP 
 New York. New York 
 Legal Administrative Assistant • College 
 Graduate 
 Filcro Legal 
 New York. New York 
 Environmental Litigation Associate — New 
 York Office 
 Beveridge & Diamond, P.C. 
 New York, New York 
 Legal Secretary - 580,000 
 Filcro Legal 
 New York, New York 
 Mergers and Acquisitions Debt Finance 
 Paralegal 
 Filcro Legal 
 New York, New York 
 Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be usthl. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive future emaits of this son, 
 you may unsubscribe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer supper inquiries. please call +I-696-783.7t00 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360 I Portfolio Media. Inc. Ill West 19th Street. Sth Floor. New York. NY [Mil 
 EFTA00032627
From: 
 ' 
 To: =Mir>, 
 Subject: Travel Authorization 10586231 approved by 
 approval 
 Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2019 17:30:41 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 , now awaiting further 
 Dear 
 Travel authorization 10586231 has been approved by , now awaiting further approval. 
 Trip ID: 10586231 
 Traveler name: 
 Purpose: R19NYS 13780 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interviews 
 Destination: West Palm Beach, FL, United States 
 Dates: 2019-09-03 - 2019-09-04 
 Current status: Pending Authorization Approval 
 E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): 
 https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html 
 E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): 
 https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com 
 Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link. 
 Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
 Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your 
 email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the 
 emails that you receive from us. 
 Reference ID# T0007 
 This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-
 mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
 any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
 EFTA00032628
From: "etravelservices6iewtsatotravel.com" <etravelserviceslitewtsatotravel.com> 
 To: >, 
 Subject: Travel Authorization 10643456 approved b 
 approval 
 Date: Fri, 13 Sep 2019 01:46:08 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 , now awaiting further 
 Dea 
 Travel authorization 10643456 has been approved b , now awaiting further approval. 
 Trip ID: 10643456 
 Traveler na 
 Purpose: R19NYS 13842 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interviews 
 Destination: Los Angeles, CA, United States 
 Dates: 2019-09-17 - 2019-09-20 
 Current status: Pending Authorization Approval 
 E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): 
 https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html 
 E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): 
 https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com 
 Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link. 
 Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
 Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your 
 email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the 
 emails that you receive from us. 
 Reference ID# T0007 
 This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-
 mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
 any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
 EFTA00032629
From: 
 To: „ 
 Subject: Travel Authorization 10643456 has received final approval 
 Date: Fri, 13 Sep 2019 02:16:02 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Dear 
 Travel authorization 10643456 has received final approval. 
 Trip ID: 10643456 
 Traveler name: 
 Minor Customer name: OBD-USA-USANYS-NEW YORK SOUTHERN (UNYS) (JO2104) 
 Purpose: R19NYS 13842 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interviews 
 Destination: Los Angeles, CA, United States 
 Dates: 2019-09-17 - 2019-09-20 
 Current status: Authorization Approved 
 E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): 
 https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html 
 E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): 
 https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com 
 Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link. 
 Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
 Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your 
 email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the 
 emails that you receive from us. 
 Reference ID# T0006 
 This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-
 mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
 any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
 EFTA00032630
From: ' 
 To: 
 '• 
 (USANYS Contractor 
 (USANYS) [Contractor " (USANYS) 
 [Contractor]" 
 Cc: all.jANI.alcaMir)" 
 Subject: FW: Declaration 
 Date: Sun, 01 Aug 2021 00:54:24 +0000 
 Attachments:axecuted Dec._Active_52049129_1.PDF; 
 2021.07.30 rep_VTC_notes.pdf 
 Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.jpg 
 Hi, 
 Would one of you please save the attached 2 pdfs in the testifying witness 3500 and witness folders for on 
 the Epstein share? 
 Thanks, 
 From: Quigley, Brendan 
 Sent: Friday, July 30, 2021 12:22 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: Declaration 
 Brendan F. Quigley [bio]
 ,)1: 
 I II II II ILI 
 Confidentiality Notice: 
 The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended only for the recipient[s] listed above and may be privileged 
 and confidential. Any dissemination, copying, or use of or reliance upon such information by or to anyone other than the recipient[s] 
 listed above is prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately at the email address above 
 and destroy any and all copies of this message. 
 EFTA00031983
From: )" 
 To: ' 
 1 .1 < lEMIM> 
 Subject: FW: [encrypt] 
 Date: Mon, 05 Apr 2021 15:50:52 +0000 
 Attachments: SNYNY.03-29-21.PB.gjg.pdf 
 Heys, 
 Would you please save the attached in the witness folders for 
 David Rodgers, Larry Visoski, S and 
 their respective 3500 sections later, but I don't want to forget about it. 
 Thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, April 5, 2021 11:46 AM 
 To: 
 ) ‹> 
 Subject: [encrypt] 
 Best, 
 Farida Dawkins 
 Grand Jury Clerk 
 Juan Alessi, 
 ? We'll need to break this apart into 
 EFTA00032631
From: 
 To: 
 (USANYS)" <MMIMME> 
 USANYS)" 
 (USANYS 
 (USANYS 
 SANYS 
 USANYS)" 
 Subject: RE: Epstein FOIA Moot 
 Date: Mon, 05 Apr 2021 20:50:31 +0000 
 Attachments: Times_v_BOP,_20cv833,5imes_Reply_Brielpdf 
 Hi all, 
 I realize I forgot to attach the Times's reply brief to my earlier email. Please find it attached, and thanks again for joining 
 the moot. 
 Thanks, 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Friday, March 26, 2021 3:17 PM 
 To: (USANYS) <.>; (USANYS), 
 (USANYS) 
 c 
 >; 
 Li 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: Epstein FOIA Moot 
 Hi all, 
 Thank you so much for joining the moot in the Epstein FOIA. We have an all-star cast for this moot. We are a little 
 oversubscribed, so if anyone as a conflict or needs to drop, no problem at all. 
 The briefing and declarations are attached here. I just sent an invite with the dial-in. I think a few folks from BOP will join 
 as well. 
 Thanks again, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 300 Quarropas Street 
 White Plains, NY 10601 
 Telephone: 
 EFTA00032632
From: Public Policy Law360 <news@law360.com> 
 To: 
 Subject: Supreme Court Leads At 1st Trump-Biden Debate 
 Date: Wed, 30 Sep 2020 08:47:01 +0000 
 claw360 Public 
 Policy 
 PUBLIC POLICY 
 How does your salary stack up to your peers? 
 Take our survey. 
 Wednesday, September 30, 2020 Follow Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Supreme Court Leads At 1st Trump-Biden Debate 
 President Donald Trump and Democratic nominee Joe Biden jousted over 
 the U.S. Supreme Court at their unruly first debate Tuesday, disagreeing over 
 when to fill a vacant seat and whether Biden should address liberal proposals 
 to add more justices. 
 document attached I Read full article » 
 Trump, Biden Fight Over Climate Change In Heated 1st Debate 
 President Donald Trump and former Vice President Joe Biden fought over 
 energy and environmental policies during the first presidential debate 
 Tuesday, with Trump defending his push to relax emissions rules in an effort 
 to make cars more affordable and Biden vowing to reenter the Paris accord 
 as president. 
 Read full article » 
 Flynn Atty Invokes Executive Privilege Over Trump Meeting 
 A D.C. federal judge forced Michael Flynn's lead defense attorney to admit 
 Tuesday she has personally discussed the former national security adviser's 
 criminal case with President Donald Trump recently, just moments after she 
 invoked executive privilege to avoid speaking about the nature of her 
 conversations. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 Will Barrett Deliver Pivotal Vote To Strike Down The ACA? 
 Democrats are understandably scared that Judge Amy Coney Barrett will 
 vote to vaporize the Affordable Care Act if she joins the U.S. Supreme Court. 
 But whether she'll actually do so, much less deliver a decisive fifth vote 
 against the landmark law, is far from clear. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 What Employers Should Know About New NY Sick Leave Law 
 As New York employers adapt to the state's new paid sick leave law, which 
 goes into effect Wednesday, they should note the legislation's wide scope 
 and its overlap with existing paid leave laws, attorneys say. 
 LexisNexis 
 l'' ,,LAw360 Rising Stars 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Ademi & O'Reilly 
 Ahdoot & Wolfson 
 Akerman LLP 
 Akin Gump 
 Arnold & Porter 
 Baker Botts 
 Berger Montague 
 Berman Tabacco 
 Blank Rome 
 Bleichmar Fonti 
 Brennan Manna 
 Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner 
 Burns Bowen Bair 
 Consovoy McCarthy 
 Cowper Law 
 Crowell & Moring 
 EFTA00032633
Read full article » 
 Calif. Judge Blocks Upcoming Immigration Fee Hikes 
 A California federal judge on Tuesday barred the federal government from 
 raising immigration application fees just days before the changes were set to 
 take effect, finding that acting Homeland Security chief Chad Wolf was likely 
 improperly appointed. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 Ga. Told To Back Up Voting Machines With Paper Ballots 
 Georgia must provide paper backups of updated voter information for the 
 Nov. 3 election to reassure electors its malfunction-plagued digital system 
 can be easily bypassed if necessary, an Atlanta federal judge ruled Monday. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 BANKING & SECURITIES 
 Analysis 
 Barrett May Reinforce High Court Trends For Banking Industry 
 Seventh Circuit Judge Amy Coney Barrett's elevation to the U.S. Supreme 
 Court would position her to weigh in on fintech regulation, agency 
 independence and other legal issues affecting the banking industry. But with 
 the high court already showing a tilt toward business, her addition to the 
 bench may not yield a sea change from a financial services perspective. 
 Read full article » 
 ENERGY & ENVIRONMENTAL 
 Analysis 
 FERC To Take On Carbon Pricing's Place In Power Markets 
 The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission is trying to figure out how state 
 efforts to charge polluters for carbon emissions can mesh with the agency's 
 mandate to level the playing field in its wholesale power markets and keep 
 prices reasonable for consumers. 
 Read full article » 
 EPA Tells DC Circ. There's No Harm In Methane Regs Rollback 
 The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has asked the D.C. Circuit not to 
 pause the Trump administration's less restrictive policy on methane 
 emissions from new and modified oil and gas infrastructure, arguing the 
 challengers are exaggerating any harm the changes will bring. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 EPA Waves Caution Flag On Calif.'s Zero-Emission Car Plan 
 The head of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is looking to short-
 circuit the California governor's plan to ban the sale of gas-powered 
 automobiles by 2035, saying the state is currently having trouble meeting its 
 electricity needs and may need EPA approval. 
 Letter attached I Read full article » 
 HEALTH & LIFE SCIENCES 
 Health Care Clashes Dominate 1st Trump-Biden Debate 
 In the first of three debates, President Donald Trump and former Vice 
 President Joe Biden on Tuesday waged a bitter battle that saw wide-ranging 
 domestic policy topics repeatedly distilled down to the coronavirus pandemic, 
 the Affordable Care Act and abortion rights. 
 Read full article » 
 Catalyst Loses Fight Against FDA Approval Of Rival's Drug 
 Cummins Law LLC 
 DLA Piper 
 Daniels & Tredennick 
 Davis Graham 
 Debevoise & Plimpton 
 DiCello Levitt 
 Dillon McCandless 
 Donahue Goldberg 
 Duval & Stachenfeld 
 Earthjustice 
 Edelson PC 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 Gibbons PC 
 Harvey & Binnall 
 Holland & Knight 
 Husch Blackwell 
 Ichter Davis 
 Jackson Lewis 
 Jenner & Block 
 Jones Day 
 Katten 
 Keating Muething 
 Keller Landsberg 
 King & Spalding 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Krevolin & Horst 
 Lanier Law Firm 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Law Offices of Alan S. Futerfas 
 Levi & Korsinsky 
 McDermott Will 
 McDonald Hopkins 
 McGuireWoods 
 Milbank LLP 
 Mintz Levin 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Morrison & Foerster 
 Mukasey Frenchman 
 Murray Murphy Moul & Basil 
 Orrick 
 Patterson Belknap 
 Paul Hastings 
 Polsinelli 
 Pomerantz LLP 
 Potter Minton 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Robbins Geller 
 Robbins Ross 
 Sanford Heisler 
 Selendy & Gay 
 Seyfarth Shaw 
 EFTA00032634
A Florida federal judge axed Catalyst Pharmaceuticals Inc.'s suit claiming the 
 U.S. Food and Drug Administration unlawfully approved a lower-cost version 
 of a drug that treats a rare autoimmune disease, rejecting Catalyst's 
 challenge against a magistrate judge's ruling. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 Dillon McCandless Seeks $136K Fee From Pa. For Virus Fight 
 Dillon McCandless King Coulter & Graham LLP, which represented a group 
 of Pennsylvania counties, businesses and lawmakers in a suit that 
 overturned Gov. Tom Wolfs pandemic-related closure orders and crowd 
 limits, is now asking the federal court to make the state pay their $136,000 in 
 legal fees. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 Coronavirus Regulations: A State-By-State Week In Review 
 President Donald Trump's reelection campaign continued to lock horns with 
 governors fighting the COVID-19 pandemic this week, with New Jersey 
 defending lawsuits over the state's remote-voting plan and Pennsylvania 
 seething over a crowded rally the president held there recently. 
 Read full article » 
 IP & TECHNOLOGY 
 PureShield Says Allied Bio Coronavirus Disinfectant Infringes 
 Chemical company PureShield Inc. claimed in a lawsuit filed Monday in 
 Texas federal court that Allied BioScience Inc.'s SurfaceWise 2 surface 
 disinfectant, which advertises protection against COVID-19 for up to seven 
 days, infringes on 10 of PureShield's patents. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 MEDIA & ENTERTAINMENT 
 Snowden Ordered To Pay $5M For Revealing Classified Info 
 A Virginia federal court on Tuesday ordered former U.S. intelligence 
 contractor Edward Snowden to hand over more than $5 million that he 
 allegedly earned from book sales and speaking engagements in which he 
 revealed classified information without permission. 
 Order attached I Read full article 
 INSURANCE 
 LA Nightclub Says Virus Triggers 'Physical Loss' Insurance 
 A Los Angeles nightclub is asking a California federal court not to throw out 
 its proposed class action alleging its insurer wrongly denied it coverage for 
 losses stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, saying the virus caused a 
 physical loss by curtailing its business. 
 Response attached I Read full article » 
 REAL ESTATE 
 Analysis 
 Opportunity Zone Order May Not Attract Private Investment 
 President Donald Trump's executive order directing the government to 
 prioritize opportunity zones when building and leasing properties shows a 
 desire to attract investment in the areas but may do little to lure private 
 capital on its own. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 Latham Reps COVID-19 Mall Closure Suit Against LA County 
 Sidley Austin 
 Snell & Wilmer 
 Spilman Thomas 
 Squire Patton Boggs 
 Steptoe & Johnson LLP 
 Stroock & Stroock 
 Sullivan & Cromwell 
 Taylor English 
 Wilson Elser 
 COMPANIES 
 23andMe Inc. 
 Amazon.com Inc. 
 American Airlines Group Inc. 
 American Automobile Association 
 Inc. 
 American Civil Liberties Union 
 American Federation of State 
 County & Municipal Employees 
 American Immigration Lawyers 
 Association 
 American Petroleum Institute Inc. 
 Ancestry.com LLC 
 Apple Inc. 
 Arch Coal Inc. 
 BNP Paribas SA 
 Backcountry.com 
 BancWest Corp. 
 Bank of America Corp. 
 Barclays PLC 
 Celgene Corp. 
 Center for Biological Diversity 
 Center for Justice 
 Charming Shoppes, Inc. 
 Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. 
 Citigroup Inc. 
 Clean Air Task Force 
 Commonwealth Edison Co. 
 Communications Workers of 
 America 
 Consumer Bankers Association 
 Cox Communications Inc. 
 Cox Enterprises 
 Credit Suisse Group AG 
 Deutsche Bank AG 
 Environmental Defense Fund Inc. 
 Environmental Integrity Project 
 Exelon Corp. 
 Facebook Inc. 
 Federal National Mortgage 
 Association 
 FirstEnergy Corp. 
 EFTA00032635
Latham & Watkins LLP is leading the charge representing plaintiffs in a 
 putative class action filed Monday accusing Los Angeles County of violating 
 the constitutional rights of hundreds of indoor mall businesses that were 
 forced to close amid the coronavirus pandemic, costing them millions in lost 
 wages and revenue. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 EMPLOYMENT & BENEFITS 
 III. Union Tells 7th Circ. It Shouldn't Have To Rep Nonmembers 
 A Seventh Circuit judge on Tuesday said he was concerned that an Illinois 
 engineering union arguing that it should be exempted from exclusively 
 representing nonmembers in grievance proceedings was simply asking the 
 court to issue "an advisory opinion," in the absence of a more detailed claim. 
 Read full article » 
 Workers And Advocates Fight NLRB Union Contact Proposal 
 Withholding employees' email addresses and cellphone numbers from unions 
 deprives workers of information and tips the organizing scales in employers' 
 favor, workers, unions and others said ahead of a Monday deadline for 
 comments on a proposed National Labor Relations Board rule change. 
 Read full article » 
 Heeding Dem Subpoena Would Hurt NLRB, Agency Atty Says 
 Making the National Labor Relations Board release records of its "joint 
 employer" policy development would undermine its candor in future 
 deliberations, the board's top legal adviser said Tuesday in answer to a U.S. 
 House of Representatives subpoena seeking the inside scoop on the 
 agency's regulatory pivot. 
 Letter attached I Read full article » 
 COMPETITION 
 Peabody, Arch Drop Merger Plans After Judge Sides With FTC 
 Arch Resources and Peabody Energy Corp. on Tuesday abandoned a 
 proposed joint venture after a Missouri federal court said the companies 
 couldn't rebut the Federal Trade Commission's claim their combination would 
 result in the loss of "meaningful coal-on-coal competition." 
 Read full article » 
 CYBERSECURITY & PRIVACY 
 Calif. Gov. Vetoes Genetic Testing Privacy Bill 
 California Gov. Gavin Newsom vetoed a proposed state law that would 
 establish privacy protections over the data collected by genetic testing 
 companies like Ancestry.com and 23andMe, saying that it could interfere with 
 laboratories' mandate to report COVID-19 test results. 
 Letter attached I Read full article » 
 CONSUMER PROTECTION 
 Series 
 AGs In A Pandemic: Grewal Talks NJ Price-Gouging 
 New Jersey Attorney General Gurbir Grewal explains how his office adapted 
 its enforcement playbook to unexpected challenges in order to crack down on 
 unconscionable pricing amid the pandemic. 
 Read full article » 
 TCPA's Autodialer Ban Fails Constitutional Test, Court Told 
 Freddie Mac 
 Geico 
 Georgia State University 
 Google Inc. 
 HSBC Holdings PLC 
 Homes.com Inc. 
 Horror Townsend & Kent Inc. 
 ISO New England Inc. 
 Immigrant Legal Resource Center 
 Institute for Fiscal Studies 
 J.C. Penney Co. Inc. 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 LexisNexis Group 
 Linkedln Corp. 
 Los Angeles County Employees 
 Retirement Association 
 Macmillan Publishers Ltd. 
 Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp. 
 Mazars LLP 
 Merck & Co. Inc. 
 Morgan Stanley 
 National Right to Work Legal 
 Defense Foundation 
 Natural Resources Defense 
 Council 
 New Civil Liberties Alliance 
 New York Civil Liberties Union 
 New rue21 LLC 
 PJM Interconnection LLC 
 Parlux Fragrances Inc. 
 Peabody Energy Corp. 
 Penn Mutual Asset Management 
 Inc. 
 Penn Mutual Life Insurance Co. 
 Perfumania Holdings Inc. 
 Procter & Gamble Co. 
 RaceTrac Petroleum 
 Regions Financial Corp. 
 Roku Inc. 
 SUNY Upstate Medical University 
 Sierra Club 
 Skype Technologies SA 
 SoftBank Group Corp. 
 SolutionPoint International Inc. 
 SoulCycle Inc. 
 Spectrum Management Holding 
 Co. 
 Standard Chartered PLC 
 State Teachers Retirement System 
 of Ohio 
 Target Corp. 
 Tenet Healthcare Corp. 
 EFTA00032636
Real estate portal Homes.com is mounting a constitutional challenge to the 
 Telephone Consumer Protection Act's broad prohibition on using autodialers 
 to contact consumers without consent, arguing that numerous deficient 
 exemptions to that prohibition and widespread uncertainty over what 
 constitutes an autodialer warrant striking down the litigation-fueling 
 provision. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 INTERNATIONAL TRADE 
 Blueberry Imports Could Be Next On Trump's Tariff List 
 The Trump administration called for an investigation of imported blueberries 
 on Tuesday, setting the stage for potential new tariffs as part of a broader 
 White House strategy to address surging imports of perishable food. 
 Letter attached Read full article 
 TAX 
 Biden Vows To Undo Tax Cuts, Trump Touts Record In Debate 
 Former Vice President Joe Biden promised to repeal the 2017 tax law during 
 Tuesday night's debate with President Donald Trump, who touted his 
 economic record without directly saying whether he paid only $750 in federal 
 income taxes in 2016 and 2017. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 Manhattan DA Says 2nd Circ. Stayed Trump Tax Subpoena 
 The Manhattan district attorney told the Second Circuit on Tuesday that it 
 cannot enforce a subpoena against President Donald Trump's accounting 
 fi rm for years of tax and business records until an appeal has concluded. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 Think Tank Says UK Tax Base Shaky From Pandemic, Brexit 
 The economic effects of both the coronavirus pandemic and the decision to 
 leave the European Union means that the United Kingdom's tax base is now 
 more uncertain than ever, the leading nonpartisan British fiscal think tank 
 said Tuesday. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 BANKRUPTCY 
 House Panel Advances Bill To Limit Exec Bonuses In Ch. 11 
 The House Judiciary Committee advanced a Democrat-backed bill to the full 
 chamber Tuesday that would limit the bonuses doled out to senior executives 
 of companies in Chapter 11 while improving protections for the benefits of 
 rank -and -file workers in bankruptcy, a measure touted as a necessary 
 remedy for inequalities in the restructuring process. 
 Bill attached I Read full article » 
 6 Law Firms Vie To Head FirstEnergy Shareholder Suit 
 Six law firms have put their hats in the ring to be selected as lead counsel in 
 a proposed consolidated class action against utility company FirstEnergy 
 over allegations that news the company paid Ohio lawmakers $60 million to 
 arrange a $1 billion bailout sent stock plummeting. 
 Motion attached I Read full article » 
 IMMIGRATION 
 Judges Reject DOJ's 'Frivolous' Bid To Pause Census Ruling 
 The Lawyers' Committee for Civil 
 Rights Under Law 
 The New York Times Co. 
 The State University of New York 
 The University of Alabama System 
 TikTok Inc. 
 Topa Insurance Co. 
 Trump Organization Inc. 
 Twitter Inc. 
 U.S. Chamber of Commerce 
 UBS AG 
 United Steelworkers 
 Virginia Community College 
 System 
 Wal-Mart Stores Inc. 
 Washington Post Co. 
 YouTube Inc. 
 Zoom Video Communications Inc. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Bureau of Citizenship and 
 Immigration Services 
 California Air Resources Board 
 California Department of Public 
 Health 
 California Health and Human 
 Services Agency 
 California Public Employees' 
 Retirement System 
 Central Intelligence Agency 
 Consumer Financial Protection 
 Bureau 
 European Union 
 Executive Office for Immigration 
 Review 
 Executive Office of the President 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Federal Communications 
 Commission 
 Federal Energy Regulatory 
 Commission 
 Federal Housing Finance Agency 
 Federal Reserve System 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Food and Drug Administration 
 Gila River Indian Community 
 Illinois Attorney General's Office 
 Internal Revenue Service 
 International Trade Commission 
 National Labor Relations Board 
 National Security Agency 
 Navajo Nation 
 New Jersey Department of Health 
 EFTA00032637
A trio of federal judges on Tuesday refused to temporarily lift their ruling 
 barring the Trump administration from excluding unauthorized immigrants 
 from the census count, slamming the government's request for reprieve as 
 "frivolous" and "meritless." 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 DOJ May Allow Attys To Help Pro Se Immigrants With Docs 
 The U.S. Department of Justice may soon allow immigration attorneys to help 
 people facing deportation fill out briefs and forms without representing the 
 immigrants for the rest of the proceedings, a change that could increase 
 access to counsel in immigration court. 
 Notice attached I Read full article » 
 Salvadoran Couple Fit For Residency, Despite Illegal Entry 
 A Salvadoran couple living in the U.S. under the Temporary Protected Status 
 program may obtain green cards after a Minnesota federal judge rejected the 
 government's arguments that their initial illegal entry left them ineligible for 
 permanent residency. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 Census -Takers Say Gov't Ending Count, Defying Court Order 
 The U.S. Census Bureau has said it intends to complete its decennial count 
 by Oct. 5, after a whistleblower warned a California federal judge that the 
 agency was disregarding her order to not end data collection by Sept. 30. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article
 Cities, Feds Spar Over Constitution's Language In Census Suit 
 Lawyers for the Trump administration and a group of cities and nonprofit 
 organizations tussled over the language of the 14th Amendment before a 
 three -judge panel in D.C. federal court Tuesday, in a lawsuit over the 
 president's effort to exclude unauthorized immigrants from the final census 
 count. 
 Read full article » 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Ex-ComEd Exec Cops To Bribery Scheme Tied To III. Speaker 
 A former Commonwealth Edison Co. executive pled guilty in Illinois federal 
 court Tuesday to participating in a bribery conspiracy in which he paid off a 
 powerful Illinois legislator in exchange for the lawmaker's influence on 
 legislation that affected the electric company's business. 
 1 document attached I Read full article » 
 TELECOMMUNICATIONS 
 FCC Forecasts 4 Spectrum Auctions Over Next Year 
 The Federal Communications Commission is tentatively planning on holding 
 at least three other spectrum auctions in the next fiscal year on top of the 
 long-awaited C-Band auction slated for December, the agency has 
 announced. 
 Notice attached I Read full article » 
 House Passes Bill To Block Home Number Switch After Crisis 
 The U.S. House of Representatives approved a bill Tuesday to ensure that 
 people whose houses are destroyed in emergencies such as fires and 
 hurricanes won't lose their assigned home phone numbers. 
 Read full article » 
 New York State Department of 
 Financial Services 
 Office of the Comptroller of the 
 Currency 
 Ohio House of Representatives 
 Oklahoma Supreme Court 
 U.S. Army 
 U.S. Attorneys Office 
 U.S. Census Bureau 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
 District of Columbia Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
 Second Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
 Seventh Circuit 
 U.S. Department of Commerce 
 U.S. Department of Defense 
 U.S. Department of Health and 
 Human Services 
 U.S. Department of Homeland 
 Security 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. District Court for the Central 
 District of California 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Columbia 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Connecticut 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Minnesota 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 New Jersey 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of Missouri 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of Texas 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of Virginia 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of California 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of Georgia 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of Illinois 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of Florida 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. District Court for the Western 
 District of Pennsylvania 
 U.S. Environmental Protection 
 Agency 
 U.S. General Services 
 Administration 
 Senate Pair Floats Section 230 Limits For Illegal Online Posts 
 EFTA00032638
A bipartisan pair of senators added to the pile of nearly a half-
 dozen bills seeking to narrow Section 230 of the Communications Decency 
 Act, saying Tuesday that they want websites to be held more accountable for 
 reporting potentially illegal activity. 
 Bill attached I Read full article >, 
 CANNABIS 
 Oklahoma Supreme Court Kills Legal Pot Ballot Initiative 
 The Oklahoma Supreme Court has removed a recreational marijuana 
 legalization initiative from the November ballot, saying the gist of the 
 measure that would have been presented to voters didn't convey the actual 
 proposal. 
 Petition attached I Read full article » 
 Mich. AG Probing Marijuana Bait-And-Switch In Petition Push 
 Michigan's attorney general said a group gathering petition signatures to strip 
 the governor's emergency powers may have misled voters by telling them the 
 push was related to a medical marijuana initiative, among other issues. 
 Read full article » 
 NJ Podiatrist Loses Fight Over Medical Pot Prescriptions 
 A New Jersey podiatrist who was banned from prescribing medical marijuana 
 lost his bid to sue state regulators on Monday after a judge said his claims of 
 discrimination fail because podiatrists can't actually prescribe pot in the state. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article 0 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 Opinion 
 Digital Platform Agency Would Imperil Internet Commerce 
 Rather than help consumers, former Federal Communications Commission 
 Chairman Tom Wheeler's recent proposal for a Digital Platform Agency to 
 regulate intemet business practices would cement dominant platforms' 
 market power, adversely affect investment, and risk the most innovative U.S. 
 sector's health, says Thomas Lenard at the Technology Policy Institute. 
 Read full article » 
 NY Gendered Pricing Law May Have Limited Effect 
 The New York gendered pricing law, effective Wednesday, may not achieve 
 its aim of preventing price discrimination in goods and services based on the 
 gender of their intended consumer due to potential loopholes in the law's 
 definitions, a broad safe harbor for businesses, and the lack of a private right 
 of action, say Mark Ciani and Sean Akchin at Katten. 
 Read full article » 
 FERC Order Could Open Electric Grid To Diverse Resources 
 The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's recent order addressing 
 distributed energy resources' participation in electric power markets could 
 transform the power grid by integrating everything from small solar 
 installations to smart water heaters and electric vehicles, say Levi McAllister 
 and Arjun Ramadevanahalli at Morgan Lewis. 
 Read full article » 
 Law Firm Social Responsibility Strategies In The New Normal 
 Law firm leaders and marketers should consider several fundamental 
 questions as they develop their corporate social responsibility programs amid 
 the pandemic with reduced available time, money and personnel, including 
 identifying a realistic charitable spending budget and seeking input from firm 
 U.S. House Committee on Energy 
 and Commerce 
 U.S. House of Representatives 
 U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 United States District Court for the 
 Southern District of Ohio 
 EFTA00032639
lawyers, clients and nonprofit partners, says Tina van der Ven at NewStar 
 Media. 
 Read full article » 
 LexisNexis 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Analysis 
 In JPMorgan Deal, DOJ Puts Spotlight On Compliance Tech 
 In the deferred prosecution deal with JPMorgan Chase & Co. announced 
 Tuesday, federal prosecutors made clear that they now expect companies 
 and their in-house counsel to bring data analysis into corporate compliance. 
 Read full article » 
 DLA Piper Escapes Tech Co.'s Malpractice Suit 
 A technology company has dropped DLA Piper's Canadian arm and two 
 individual attorneys from a malpractice suit over a patent application process 
 that went sour, effectively ending the case in Florida federal court. 
 Read full article » 
 Jones Day Fights Atty's Bid To Revive Equal Pay Claim 
 Jones Day has told a D.C. federal judge to stick with his decision to toss a 
 former associate's Equal Pay Act claim, insisting the attorney hasn't shown 
 she tackled the same workload as her higher-paid male peers. 
 Read full article » 
 Exclusive 
 JPMorgan, Goldman GCs Up The Ante On Diversity Promises 
 Amid civil unrest over racial injustices in the U.S., top in-house lawyers from 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co., Goldman Sachs, Bank of America and nine other 
 global financial institutions have pledged to further their commitment to 
 diversity efforts in the legal profession, outlining a list of goals for themselves 
 and their peers in an open letter shared Tuesday with Law360. 
 Read full article » 
 Bryan Cave Snags High Court Practice Co-Chair From Sidley 
 Sidley Austin LLP's West Coast head of the firm's appellate and supreme 
 court group has moved to Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner LLP, his new firm 
 announced Tuesday. 
 Read full article » 
 Jay -Z's Files Unsealed In Perfume Case As Secrecy Bid Fails 
 A New York state judge declined to seal a large cache of documents 
 belonging to Jay-Z on Tuesday in a lawsuit that claims the rap icon didn't 
 promote a perfume as promised, only letting him redact information like his 
 phone number from a personal schedule. 
 Read full article » 
 The Top In-House Hires Of September 
 Legal department hires during September included high-profile appointments 
 at Zoom, AAA and BroadwayHD. Here, Law360 looks at some of the top in-
 house announcements from the past few weeks. 
 Read full article » 
 Northern District Of Ga. Says No Jury Trials Until 2021 
 As coronavirus levels stay high in Georgia, the federal district that includes 
 Atlanta said Tuesday it will hold no jury trials before next year, including high-
 EFTA00032640
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
 SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
 JANE DOE 
 Plaintiff, 
 v. 
 DARREN INDYKE, et al., 
 Defendants. 
 DECLARATION OF 
 No. 20 Civ. 484 (JGK) (DCF) 
 declares under penalty of perjury pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 
 1746 as follows: 
 I. I submit this declaration in response to a subpoena dated June 10, 2020, from the 
 plaintiff in this action, directing me to produce documents and appear for a deposition. I 
 understand this declaration is being submitted in lieu of appearing for a deposition. 
 2. Beginning in 1991, I worked as a pilot for Mr. Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein") and 
 Epstein -affiliated entities. 
 3. Through flying for Mr. Epstein, I met Ms. . I do not recall when or 
 where specifically I met Ms. for the first time, or the first flight she was on, but it was 
 likely in the mid to late 1990s. 
 4. I have attached as Exhibit A my flight logs from the time period between January 
 1, 1994 and December 31, 1997. I made these records at or near the time of the flights reflected 
 therein, they reflect my knowledge at that time, and it was my practice to regularly make such 
 records during the 1994-1997 time period. With respect to the names in the "Remarks, 
 EFTA00031984
profile showdowns like the $400 million kickbacks case against two former 
 Tenet Healthcare Corp. executives. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Executive Director, National Homelessness Assistant City Attorney 
 Law Center City of Oxnard, California 
 National Homelessness Law Center Oxnard, California 
 Washington. District of Columbia 
 Staff Attorney, Toxic Exposure and Health Director of Strategic Legal Advocacy 
 Program Earthjustice 
 Earthjustice Washington, DC or San Francisco, -
 New York. New York 
 Not sum if your film suSeribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive future emails of this soil 
 you may unsubsctibe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries. please call + I -646-781.7ICO or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law3601 Portfolio Media. Inc. 111 West 19th Street. Sib Floor, New York. NY [ball 
 EFTA00032641
From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> 
 To:
 Subject: Ex-Katten Atty Gets 18 Months In Prison For Shkreli Fraud 
 Date: Mon, 20 Aug 2018 07:57:59 +0000 
 ;),Law360 White 
 Collar 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Monday, August 20, 2018 Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Ex-Katten Atty Gets 18 Months In Prison For Shkreli Fraud 
 Former Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP attorney Evan Greebel on Friday was 
 sentenced to 18 months in prison over allegations that he aided now-
 imprisoned former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli in defrauding 
 Retrophin Inc. Read full article » 
 Prenda 'Porn Troll' Atty Pleads Guilty To Fraud Charges 
 A former attorney who filed thousands of copyright suits over pornography in 
 an elaborate scheme known as Prenda Law reached an agreement Friday to 
 plead guilty to federal fraud and money laundering conspiracy charges. Read 
 full article » 
 Manafort Judge Talks Threats In Not Releasing Jurors' Names 
 The Virginia federal judge overseeing the Paul Manafort trial on Friday 
 revealed he has received threats during the case and expressed concern that 
 revealing the names of jurors deliberating the fate of the former Trump 
 campaign chair could put their "peace and safety" at risk. Read full article » 
 Mueller Wants Up To 6 Months In Prison For Ex-Trump Aide 
 Special Counsel Robert Mueller on Friday recommended a prison sentence 
 of zero to six months for the former Trump adviser who pled guilty to lying to 
 investigators about his interactions with individuals alleged to have ties to the 
 Russian government during his time working for the campaign. Read full 
 article » 
 Feds Fire Back At Sheldon Silver's Post-Conviction Bail Bid 
 Federal prosecutors on Thursday rejected as "baseless" a request by 
 Sheldon Silver to stay free while appealing his conviction and seven-year 
 sentence for political corruption, telling a Manhattan federal judge that the 
 jury that convicted the former New York Assembly speaker had clear 
 instructions. Read full article » 
 11th Circ. Affirms Sentence For Disability Group's Ex-CEO 
 An Eleventh Circuit panel on Friday backed a five-year prison sentence given 
 to the former chief executive of a Florida organization that operated programs 
 for the developmentally disabled who had been convicted of scheming to 
 divert clients' Social Security benefits. Read full article » 
 SECURITIES 
 2nd Circ. Won't Revive Madoff 'Feeder Fund' Class Action 
 I;;;Law360 Pro Say Podcast 
 Listen to our new podcast here 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Allen & Overy 
 Anderson Kill 
 Baker Donelson 
 Bartlit Beck 
 Boies Schiller 
 Butler Rubin 
 Chaffetz Lindsey 
 Cleary Gottlieb 
 Cohen Milstein 
 Cohen Seglias 
 Cooley 
 Coots Henke 
 DLA Piper 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 Fish & Richardson 
 Fox Rothschild 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Hinshaw & Culbertson 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Hughes Hubbard 
 Jomarron Lopez 
 Katten Muchin 
 EFTA00032642
A three-judge panel of the Second Circuit rejected an effort by investors in 
 two so-called feeder funds that were linked to Bernie Madoff's fraudulent 
 investment scheme to revive their class action against the funds' managers, 
 auditors, consultant and administrator, ruling Friday that a lower judge was 
 right to dismiss the case. Read full article » 
 US Takes Ex-HSBC Trader's Extradition Win To Top UK Court 
 The U.S. is appealing the denial of extradition of a former HSBC foreign 
 exchange trader to the U.K.'s highest court, prosecutors said Thursday, to 
 face charges in New York alleging he and a colleague defrauded bank client 
 Cairn Energy PLC by trading ahead of a $3.5 billion forex deal for the 
 Scottish oil and gas developer. Read full article » 
 Dutch National Gets 17 Years For $2.5M Investment Schemes 
 An Illinois federal judge on Thursday sentenced a Dutch national to 17 years 
 in prison in an international criminal fraud case that saw the man cop to 
 procuring more than S2.5 million through fake investment schemes between 
 1998 and 2010. Read full article » 
 Ex-Constellation CEO Says He Is Victim In Stock Fraud Suit 
 The ex-CEO of bankrupt Constellation Healthcare Technologies Inc. 
 Thursday asked a New Jersey federal court to dismiss claims he engaged in 
 securities fraud, alleging he is the victim of an investor's takeover scheme. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL ETHICS 
 Fraudster's Ex-Wife Gets Email Hunt Paused In Atty Tryst Suit 
 An Indiana federal court on Friday temporarily paused discovery for emails 
 sent by the ex-wife of an incarcerated hedge fund manager in his suit 
 claiming that his attorney had an affair with his wife while representing him in 
 his criminal case, but refused to halt discovery all together. Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 Despite Abuse Horrors, Attys Feel Duty To Defend The Church 
 Despite horrific details in a recently unveiled grand jury report about sexual 
 abuse suffered by more than a thousand victims at the hands of Catholic 
 clergy in Pennsylvania, attomeys who have represented the church say that 
 public scorn hasn't swayed them from their duty to provide a vigorous 
 defense. Read full article » 
 SPORTS 
 Analysis 
 NCAA Reforms Fail To Fix Basketball's Corruption Problem 
 The NCAA recently enacted a set of sweeping reforms that provide modest 
 benefits to the small percentage of student-athletes who pursue a 
 professional basketball career, but experts say the changes do not 
 adequately address the serious issues at the center of a federal corruption 
 probe into college basketball. Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 Extra Protection For Press In Law Enforcement Investigations 
 When the FBI seized a New York Times joumalist's phone and email records 
 earlier this year, the press was outraged. The authority to seize documents 
 from a reporter has a higher threshold of approval than for normal 
 investigations, and the failure to follow those requirements has a unique 
 statutory remedy, say Thomas Barnard and Macy Climo of Baker Donelson 
 Bearman Caldwell & Berkowitz PC. Read full article » 
 Series 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Kleinbard LLC 
 Kline & Specter 
 Kobre & Kim 
 Lackey Hershman 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Littler Mendelson 
 Mayer Brown 
 Meyer Darragh 
 Mintz Levin 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Nelson Mullins 
 Paul Hastings 
 Proskauer Rose 
 Quinn Buseck 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Reed Smith 
 Robins Kaplan 
 Saul Ewing 
 Selendy & Gay 
 Senniger Powers 
 Sidley Austin 
 Skadden 
 Stinson Leonard 
 Stradley Ronon 
 Vladeck Raskin 
 Weitz & Luxenberg 
 White and Williams 
 Williams & Connolly 
 Willkie Farr 
 WilmerHale 
 COMPANIES 
 Adidas AG 
 Airbnb Inc. 
 American Civil Liberties Union 
 Apple Inc. 
 Archdiocese of Washington 
 Bank of America Corporation 
 CBOE Holdings Inc. 
 Caim Energy PLC 
 Consumer Federation of America 
 Democratie National Committee 
 Electronic Frontier Foundation 
 Epic Systems Corp. 
 Facebook 
 Google Inc. 
 HSBC Holdings PLC 
 Kelly Services, Inc. 
 London Stock Exchange Group 
 PLC 
 EFTA00032643
Judging A Book: Lipez Reviews 'Last Great Colonial Lawyer' 
 In his new book, "The Last Great Colonial Lawyer: The Life and Legacy of 
 Jeremiah Gridley," Charles McKirdy argues that Gridley — someone I had 
 never heard of — was the last great colonial lawyer, and that his cases 
 illuminate his times. The author largely substantiates both claims, says First 
 Circuit Judge Kermit Lipez. Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Feature 
 3rd Circ. Oral Argument Dip Troubling, Chief Judge Says 
 The Third Circuit appellate bar is trying to reverse a troubling decline in oral 
 arguments before its panels, which its Chief Judge D. Brooks Smith in an 
 exclusive interview with Law360 says could have been brought on by a 
 "stunning" increase in pro se filings he traces to the Great Recession of the 
 late aughts. Read full article » 
 Quinn Emanuel Says Ex-Partners Can't Duck Fee Arbitration 
 Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan LLP reiterated on Thursday in New York 
 court that its former partners who launched Selendy & Gay PLLC cannot 
 escape arbitrating a dispute over a clause in their partnership agreement 
 requiring them to remit fees earned from clients they took to their new firm. 
 Read full article » 
 Feature 
 3 Reasons Attys Should Learn A Foreign Language 
 Becoming fluent in a foreign language may seem daunting, but the challenge 
 can offer big rewards, including career opportunities and personal 
 satisfaction, for attorneys willing to take it on. Here, Law360 looks at three 
 reasons why lawyers should learn languages other than their own. Read full 
 article » 
 Stinson Leonard Grows In St. Louis With IP Boutique Tie-Up 
 Stinson Leonard Street LLP continued its expansion streak Thursday, 
 announcing plans to acquire 28-strong St. Louis intellectual property boutique 
 Senniger Powers LLP, following up on two new office openings earlier this 
 year. Read full article » 
 Kavanaugh Will Meet With Top Senate Opponent 
 U.S. Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh will come face-to-face with 
 his opposition Monday as he sits down with Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., 
 the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee and the lawmaker 
 leading the fight against his confirmation. Read full article )> 
 Ex -Clerk Says NY Courts Protected Judge Who Harassed Her 
 A former law clerk has accused the New York state judicial system of 
 covering up for a judge who she says sexually harassed her, allegations she 
 made in a suit filed in federal court against the jurist and 16 other judges, 
 administrators and attorneys. Read full article » 
 Feature 
 GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week 
 The Sixth Circuit ruled the Fair Labor Standards Act doesn't on its own thwart 
 arbitration agreements, consumer groups fought back against industry 
 attempts to amend a hastily enacted landmark privacy law in California and 
 British police warned of an increase in cryptocurrency fraud. These are some 
 of the stories in corporate legal news you may have missed in the past week. 
 Read full article » 
 In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360 
 For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, stories and 
 expert analyses that generated the most buzz on Law360 last week. Read 
 Microsoft Corporation 
 Monsanto Co. 
 NBCUniversal Inc. 
 National Basketball Association 
 National Collegiate Athletic 
 Association 
 New York Times Co. 
 New York University 
 PayPal Inc. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers 
 Quicken Loans Inc. 
 Retrophin Inc. 
 Robert Half International Inc. 
 State Bar of California 
 The American Law Institute 
 The City University of New York 
 The ERISA Industry Committee 
 Turing Pharmaceuticals AG 
 USA Basketball 
 Villanova University 
 WeWork LLC 
 Yahoo! Inc. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Food and Drug Administration 
 Internal Revenue Service 
 Judicial Conference of the United 
 States 
 Massachusetts Legislature 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 Social Security Administration 
 U.S. Attorneys Office 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 EFTA00032644
full article » 
 Podcast 
 Law360's Pro Say: Disabled Attys Fight For A Place In BigLaw 
 The legal profession can be a lonely place for attorneys with disabilities. They 
 are often overlooked in diversity discussions, and may feel pressure to 
 downplay their disability out of fear of facing bias and stigma. On this week's 
 Pro Say podcast, we dive into these challenges and highlight how disabled 
 attorneys are fighting for their place in the law. Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Labor & Employment Associate (Newark, NJ Office) 
 McCarter & English. LLP 
 Newark, New Jersey 
 Not sure if your um, subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort 
 you may unsubscribe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +I-646-781-7M or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law3601 Portfolio Media., Inc. Ill Yibst 19th Street. Sib Floor. New York. NY 10011 
 EFTA00032645
From: ' 
 To: ' (USANYS) [Contractor]"
 Cc: "-USANYS) [Contractor]" < >. ' (USANYS) 
 [Contractor]"
 Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files 
 Date: Wed, 07 Apr 2021 21:33:50 +0000 
 Thank you 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 4:17 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] .c) 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] <>; (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files 
 The files from have been added to the folder here for your review: 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 3:45 PM 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < 
 Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files 
 Great, thanks to you both! 
 From: (USANYS) [Contractor] •c 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 3:30 PM 
 To: I. (NY) (FBI) <>; 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < 
 >; 
 >; 
 I. (NY) (FBI) <> 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files 
 Received, thank you! I'll let you know when these files have been uploaded to the shared. 
 From: I. (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 3:28 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < 
 Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files 
 Just dropped it off. 
 >; 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Special Agent 
 FBI New York Field Office 
 EFTA00032646
On Apr 7, 2021 2:24 PM, " (USANYS) [Contractor]" > wrote: 
 That's perfect, thank you. Please let me know once you've dropped them off. 
 From: E. (NY) (FBI) •c> 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 2:22 PM 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < 
 Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files 
 >; (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Do you want me to just leave it downstairs in a folder? I'll bring it over now. There are four disks to include 1B-14, 1B 8-2, 
 1B 8-7, and 1D-1. 
 From: (USANYS) [Contractor] .ic> 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 11:26 AM 
 To: I. (NY) (FBI) 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files 
 Sounds good, thank you! 
 From: E. (NY) (FBI) <> 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 11:09 AM 
 To: 
 ) 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < 
 Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files 
 Hey MI, 
 >; (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 I'm having some issues with my usa fx account. I have to drop some other media off, so I'll put this on another disc and 
 drop it off. I can drop it all off early afternoon if that's alright. 
 Special Agent 
 FBI New York Field Office 
 On Apr 7, 2021 9:48 AM, " 
 Hey 
 (USANYS) [Contractor]" < > wrote: 
 Just wanted to follow up on getting the folder "18 1-14" on USAfx. Please let us know when you've been able to upload it, 
 thanks! 
 EFTA00032647
From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 6, 2021 1:14 PM 
 To: 
 •. 
 (NY) (FBI) <>; (USANYS) [Contractor] < 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <->; (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Subject: FW: CD with Maxwell files 
 Thanks so much, M. (cc'd) will make another copy this afternoon and will send it to you via USAfx. 
 From: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 6, 2021 1:12 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < 
 Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files 
 >; (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Just confirmed with that we'll need a replacement of the folder called "18 1-14" since it won't copy for him either, 
 probably due to the files getting corrupted somehow when the disc was burned. The folder/its contents may be small 
 enough that the FBI could send it via USAfx rather than having to burn a new disc, but we'll need a replacement of this 
 folder either way. 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, April 5, 20214:27 PM 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < 
 Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files 
 Great, thank you! 
 From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < 
 Sent: Monday, April 5, 2021 4:20 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < 
 Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files 
 Hi 
 >; 
 >; 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Four of the five folders from the disc have successfully uploaded to the folder path linked below, but the fifth folder (18 1-
 14) contains at least one file that will not copy off of the disc (not sure if the file is corrupted or what the issue is exactly). 
 I'll check with the IT folks and to see if they're able to copy the remaining folder off the disc or if we'll need the FBI 
 to recopy and resend it. I will keep you posted on the status of this last folder. 
 Thanks, 
 From: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Sent: Monday, April 5, 20212:04 PM 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Subject: FW: CD with Maxwell files 
 Thank you so much! 
 EFTA00032648
From: 
 Sent: Monday, April 5, 2021 1:55 PM 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 < 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 Subject: CD with Maxwell files 
 H= and M, 
 On Friday, the FBI brought me a CD containing additional files that I need to review for Maxwell. It should be sitting in my 
 office on the 4th floor on my keyboard at my desk. Would one of you (or another paralegal who is in the office) be able to 
 please grab the CD and load its contents onto the Epstein share? You can save everything from the CD here: 
 Thanks so much, 
 EFTA00032649
From: ' (USANYS)"  
 To: acan..>„, "(USANYS" 
 Subject: FW: Proposed Budget -- USA v. Maxwell 
 Date: Thu, 26 Aug 2021 15:14:16 +0000 
 Attachments: Budget_Proposal_for Jury_Consulting_Services_fordoex; USA47_Request_form.pdf; 
 Lit Consultant_SOW.docx; USAOVendorFormFillable.pdf 
 Hi —
 Please complete the USA4 request form, SOW, and have the vendor complete the payment info form. Return to me to 
 process. 
 From: (USANYS)
 Sent: Thursday, August 26, 2021 11:03 AM 
 To: (USANYS) •c.> 
 Cc: (USANYS) <E> 
 Subject: FW: Proposed Budget — USA v. Maxwell 
 We are going to go ahead with this litigation consultant. Please work with and 
 on it. 
 Thanks, 
 From: Paulette Taylor
 Sent: Wednesday, July 21, 2021 7:16 PM 
 To: (USANYS) scl> 
 Subject: Proposed Budget -- USA v. Maxwell 
 Here is the budget for the focus group, pretrial juror questionnaire, and feedback on the opening statement and closing 
 argument. 
 The proposal does not assume we would review and grade the completed juror questionnaires. As I noted in the 
 proposal, the cost is approximately $8,000 per 100 questionnaires as we can grade only 5 or 6 an hour. We have not 
 provided this service in recent cases, e.g., Silver and Skelos. However, we have provided it in earlier cases, e.g., Martha 
 Stewart, where we were also present in court during jury selection. 
 I am suggesting we hold the focus group on Friday, October 1, subject to consensus among the team. I can be available on 
 other dates as necessary. 
 Let me know what questions you have. 
 EFTA00032650
Procedures, Maneuvers, Endorsements" column, my general practice during this time was to use 
 this column to record the number of passengers on the plane. If I knew the passenger's name or 
 had learned that name during the course of the trip, my general practice was to record that name. 
 If I did not know or learn the name, I would write down a generic description, for example, 
 "Baby," "Nanny," "1 Male," "1 Female." 
 5. The first time the name M' appears in my flight logs between January 1, 
 1994 and December 31, 1997 is on November 11, 1996. This entry reflects that a no 
 last name, was on a flight on that date from West Palm Beach, Florida, to Teterboro Airport in 
 New Jersey. 
 6. also appears in an entry on May 9, 1997. This entry reflects that a 
 `=' no last name, was on a flight on that date from Teterboro Airport to Santa Fe, New 
 Mexico. 
 7. I have no specific recollection of either of these flights, which occurred over 23 
 years ago. In addition to Ms. =, I recall one other individual with the first name `=" 
 who flew on Mr. Esptein's planes, although my recollection is that this other a did not 
 begin flying until the early 2000s. 
 8. I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct to the best 
 of my recollection. 
 Executed on July )1 , 2020 
 2 
 EFTA00031985
—Paulette 
 Taylor'd Trial Consulting 
 Paulette Taylor, President 
 EFTA00032651
UNITED STATES ATTORNEYS Request, Authorization, and Order for Services of 
 Expert Witness, Litigative Consultant, or ADR Neutral 
 Contract/Purchase Order No.: Date: 
 Part I - Re uest for Services 
 1. Requesting Official (Name & Title) 2. Signature of Requesting Official 3. Point of Contact (Name and Tel.) 
 Telephone: 
 4. Date of Request 
 5. Proparer (Name & Tel.) 6. Originating Office (Name & Address) 7. Case Name. Court 8 Ct. Docket No. 8. DJ File No./USAO No. 
 9. Contractor (Namo and Tel.) 
 Telephone: 
 10. Contractor Mailing Address 11. Contractor TIN or SSN (Individual) 12. Contractor Specialty 
 13. Reason for Request (Place an "X" in the applicable Box in the Left Column) 
 13.a. Expert Testimony on Behalf of U.S. 
 13.b. Deposition Conducted by DOJ Attorney 
 13.c. Medical Examination of Plaintiff/Witness/Defendant in Contemplation of Testimony on Behalf of U.S. 
 13.d. Examination Under 18 USC 4241. Mental Competency to Stand Trial Only 
 13.e. Dual Purpose Psychiatric Examination (Time of Offense and Competency to Stand Trial) on the motion of: 
 13J. ADR Neutral Services 
 13.g. Litigative Consultant Services 
 13.h. Other (explain below): 
 Attach the Statement of Work to this Form 
 14. Negotiated Contractor Rates. Estimated Expenses. and Performance Dates (Note: Expenses incurred n ust be supported by receipts) 
 Service/Expanse Performance Dates (From-To) Hour/Day Quantity Pato Total 
 14.a. Examine Case - Hour $ 0.00 
 14.b. Prepare Testimony - Hour $ 0.00 
 14.c. Court Testimony - Hour $ 0.00 
 14.d. Deposition - Hour $ 0.00 
 14.e. Litigative ConsultanUNeutral - Hour $ 0.00 
 14.f. Per Diem (if not part of fee) Day $ 0.00 
 14o. Privately Owned Vehicle (NTE coach rate) Mile $ 0.00 
 14.h. Common Carder Transportation Via GTA 
 14.1. Common Carrier Transportation Reimbursed 
 14.J. Miscellaneous 
 14.k. Total Estimated Expenses 
 I 
 $ 0.00 
 15. Submit Invoices & EFT Information to: 
 U.S. Attorney's Office. SDNY 
 Bud. et 8 Fiscal Unit 
 or email: 
 16. Payment will be made by: (Place an 'X' in the applicable Box and fill.in if not Jfv10/Finance) 
 X I Box 15 
 Form USA-47 (Revised 5-2008) 
 Page 1 of 2 
 EFTA00032652
From: 
 " aNIMIW 
 To: a (USANYS) amme n: ,
 Cc: 
 Subject: Maxwell trial schedule 
 Date: Fri, 27 Aug 2021 23:11:48 +0000 
 Attachments: 2021.08.27_Order re_Maxwell_trial_schedule.pdf 
 (USANYS)" 
 Hi 
 Judge Nathan just issued the attached order setting a number of new dates for the Maxwell trial. Would you be able to 
 prepare a new victim notification letter alerting victims to these dates, please? 
 And thank you SO MUCH for your amazing efforts getting and her family up to New York. The trip was very 
 helpful of us and a success overall, so we all feel much better about getting and up here again for the 
 trial. 
 Thanks, 
 EFTA00032653
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 WARNINGS AND ASSURANCES TO EMPLOYEE REQUESTED 
 TO PROVIDE INFORMATION ON A VOLUNTARY BASIS 
 You are being asked to provide information as part of an investigation being conducted by the 
 Office of the Inspector General. This investigation is being conducted pursuant to the Inspector 
 General Act of 1978, as amended. 
 This investigation pertains to: 
 OcE-Fre y Et? 54 e;,/N aCk411\ cuocay 
 I./we, .2 vi v- efi,e) « $40 c ti-4-E et oyeL VAZ C 
 This is a voluntary interview. Accordingly, you do not have to answer questions. No 
 disciplinary action will be taken against you if you choose not to answer questions. 
 Any statement you furnish may be used as evidence in any future criminal proceedings or agency 
 disciplinary proceeding, or both. 
 WAIVER 
 I understand the warnings and assurances stated above and I am willing to make a statement and 
 answer questions. No promises or threats have been made to me and no pressure or coercion of 
 any kind has been used against me. 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 Special Agent 
 Vitneis "e- Date 
 F/23/Ick 
 l0'.4S  5 voy 
 Time Place 
 OIG Form III-22612 (04/23/07)Non-CusiodieEmpkyee 
 EFTA00032654
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 WARNINGS AND ASSURANCES TO EMPLOYEE REQUESTED 
 TO PROVIDE INFORMATION ON A VOLUNTARY BASIS 
 You are being asked to provide information as part of an investigation being conducted by the 
 Office of the Inspector General. This investigation is being conducted pursuant to the Inspector 
 General Act of 1978, as amended. 
 This investigation pertains to: 
 iterfeeer €P5Wiil tki-0 41iw 4,aptGesp s-fl' Co Alf}... CL 
 This is a voluntary interview. Accordingly, you do not have to answer questions. No 
 disciplinary action will be taken against you if you choose not to answer questions. 
 Any statement you furnish may be used as evidence in any future criminal proceedings or agency 
 disciplinary proceeding, or both. 
 WAIVER 
 I understand the warnings and assurances stated above and I am willing to make a statement and 
 answer questions. No promises or threats have been made to me and no pressure or coercion of 
 any kind has been used against me. 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 Special Agent 
 ones 
 10:0 Ann 
 Time 
 Employee's  'anature 
 sh 9/19 
 Date 
 61) N 
 Place 
 OIG Form 111-226/2 (04/23/07) Non-Custodial/Employee 
 EFTA00032655
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 WARNINGS AND ASSURANCES TO EMPLOYEE REQUESTED 
 TO PROVIDE INFORMATION ON A VOLUNTARY BASIS 
 You are being asked to provide information as part of an investigation being conducted by the 
 Office of the Inspector General. This investigation is being conducted pursuant to the Inspector 
 General Act of 1978, as amended. 
 This investigation pertains to: 
 ctioi f retly iende O-7 :71611 y 
 This is a voluntary interview. Accordingly, you do not have to answer questions. No 
 disciplinary action will be taken against you if you choose not to answer questions. 
 Any statement you furnish may be used as evidence in any future criminal proceedings or agency 
 disciplinary proceeding, or both. 
 WAIVER 
 I understand the warnings and assurances stated above and I am willing to make a statement and 
 answer questions. No promises or threats have been made to me and no pressure or coercion of 
 any kind has been used against me. 
 1 o nspec or General 
 S cial Agent 
 Witness 
 Time 
 g-/2-/9
 Date 
 .97D lq Ay 
 Place 
 016 Form 111-22612 (04/23/07) Non-Custodial/ Emplone 
 EFTA00032656
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 WARNINGS AND ASSURANCES TO EMPLOYEE REQUESTED 
 TO PROVIDE INFORMATION ON A VOLUNTARY BASIS 
 You are being asked to provide information as part of an investigation being conducted by the 
 Office of the Inspector General. This investigation is being conducted pursuant to the Inspector 
 General Act of 1978, as amended. 
 This investigation pertains to: 
 itf.r Rey *?Stets/ tot ufc 4. sj).4 t bid 
 This is a voluntary interview. Accordingly, you do not have to answer questions. No 
 disciplinary action will be taken against you if you choose not to answer questions. 
 Any statement you famish may be used as evidence in any future criminal proceedings or agency 
 disciplinary proceeding, or both. 
 WAIVER 
 I understand the warnings and assurances stated above and I am willing to make a statement and 
 answer questions. No promises or threats have been made to me and no pressure or coercion of 
 any kind has been used against me. 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 10;11 tun 
 igilaill
 Date 
 50 iv 
 Time Place 
 OIC Form III-226/2 (04/23/07)Non-Cusiodiaamptoyee 
 EFTA00032657
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 WARNINGS AND ASSURANCES TO EMPLOYEE REQUESTED 
 TO PROVIDE INFORMATION ON A VOLUNTARY BASIS 
 You are being asked to provide information as part of an investigation being conducted by the 
 Office of the Inspector General. This investigation is being conducted pursuant to the Inspector 
 General Act of 1978, as amended. 
 This investigation pertains to: 
 TeVria s i ern‘-e tivOeS4 vaiton- 44,O Cyr Ivy IA742- tertis tuem 
 % 6$) F. 
 tApcov.e.a f 
 This is a voluntary interview. Accordingly, you do not have to answer questions. No 
 disciplinary action will be taken against you if you choose not to answer questions. 
 Any statement you furnish may be used as evidence in any future criminal proceedings or agency 
 disciplinary proceeding, or both. 
 WAIVER 
 I understand the warnings and assurances stated above and I am willing to make a statement and 
 answer questions. No promises or threats have been made to me and no pressure or coercion of 
 any kind has been used against me. 
 utnce of the inspector General 
 Special Agent 
 U
 81:61I 
 Date 
 q: loft/ Z 
 Time Place 
 OIG Form III-226/2 (04/23/07) Non-Custodial/Employee 
 EFTA00032658
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 WARNINGS AND ASSURANCES TO EMPLOYEE REQUIRED 
 TO PROVIDE INFORMATION 
 You are being asked to provide information as part of an investigation being conducted by the 
 Office of the Inspector General. This investigation is being conducted pursuant to the Inspector 
 General Act of 1978, as amended. 
 This investigation pertains to  mcera. eeste -FA/v.1254i Stitt° ►1 
 You have a duty to reply to the questions posed to you during this interview and agency 
 disciplinary action, including dismissal, may be undertaken if you refuse to answer or fail to 
 reply fully and truthfully. 
 Neither your answers nor any information or evidence gained by reason of your answers can be 
 used against you in any criminal proceeding. However, if you knowingly and willfully provide 
 false statements or information in your answers, you may be criminally prosecuted for that 
 action. The answers you furnish and any information or evidence resulting from them may be 
 used in the course of agency disciplinary proceedings. 
 ACKNOWLEDGMENT 
 I have read and understand my rights and obligations as set forth above. 
 unite or me inspector uenerat to 
 Special Agent 
 Ali lit 1 
 Date 
 8% A-9 rfi‘  Sok 
 Time Place 
 OIG Form 111-226/3 (04/23/07) Warnings and Assurances to Employee Required to Provide Information 
 EFTA00032659
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 WARNINGS AND ASSURANCES TO EMPLOYEE REQUESTED 
 TO PROVIDE INFORMATION ON A VOLUNTARY BASIS 
 You arc being asked to provide information as part of an investigation being conducted by the 
 Office of the Inspector General. This investigation is being conducted pursuant to the Inspector 
 General Act of 1978, as amended. 
 This investigation pertains to: 
 _,FALv etit 'tics/ or TeFF 2-et ep5tely Arao
 &yip ? . at et* IS cone, Ct-
 This is a voluntary interview. Accordingly, you do not have to answer questions. No 
 disciplinary action will be taken against you if you choose not to answer questions. 
 My statement you furnish may be used as evidence in any future criminal proceedings or agency 
 disciplinary proceeding, or both. 
 WAIVER 
 I understand the warnings and assurances stated above and I am willing to make a statement and 
 answer questions. No promises or threats have been made to me and no pressure or coercion of 
 any kind has been used against me. 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 Snecial Aaent 
 witness 
 3:43 
 Riali IT 
 Date 
 ova'
 Time Place 
 OIC Form 111-226/2 (04/23/07)Non-CustodiallEmployee 
 EFTA00032660
From: 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Mariann Wang <I=> 
 Subject: Local Criminal Rule 23.1 
 Date: Mon, 02 Aug 2021 14:59:27 +0000 
 Attachments: 2021.07.30_Order_Regarding_Local_Rule_23.1.pdf 
 Hi Gloria and Mariann, 
 Hope you're both doing well. We wanted to let you know about a recent order from Judge Nathan regarding Local 
 Criminal Rule 23.1, which applies not only to counsel of record in a criminal case, but also to attorneys associated with a 
 case. The order is attached, and the full text version of the local SDNY rules can be found on the court's website. If you 
 have any questions about the rule or the order, please let us know. 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00031986
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 WARNINGS AND ASSURANCES TO EMPLOYEE REQUESTED 
 TO PROVIDE INFORMATION ON A VOLUNTARY BASIS 
 You are being asked to provide information as part of an investigation being conducted by the 
 Office of the Inspector General. This investigation is being conducted pursuant to the Inspector 
 General Act of 1978, as amended. 
 This investigation pertains to: 
 Tery it-ei oestelie TN the5st e G'44 o '"r 
 COkeltro 4A. MI5 conitli k c-4-
 This is a voluntary interview. Accordingly, you do not have to answer questions. No 
 disciplinary action will be taken against you if you choose not to answer questions. 
 Any statement you furnish may be used as evidence in any future criminal proceedings or agency 
 disciplinary proceeding, or both. 
 WAIVER 
 I understand the warnings and assurances stated above and I am willing to make a statement and 
 answer questions. No promises or threats have been made to me and no pressure or coercion of 
 any kind has been used against me. 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 Special Agent 
 ta'sto e/r. 
 Time 
 ifatliy
 Date 
 3ONY
 Place 
 OIC Form 111-226/2 (04/23/07) Non-Custodial/Employee 
 EFTA00032661
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 WARNINGS AND ASSURANCES TO EMPLOYEE REQUESTED 
 TO PROVIDE INFORMATION ON A VOLUNTARY BASIS 
 You are being asked to provide information as part of an investigation being conducted by the 
 Office of the Inspector General. This investigation is being conducted pursuant to the Inspector 
 General Act of 1978, as amended. 
 This investigation pertaigis to: 
 rffregt . -e tes+inee cm veSt ig ki itre aie.:1 
 This is a voluntary interview. Accordingly, you do not have to answer questions. No 
 disciplinary action will be taken against you if you choose not to answer questions. 
 Any statement you furnish may be used as evidence in any future criminal proceedings or agency 
 disciplinary proceeding, or both. 
 WAIVER 
 I understand the warnings and assurances stated above and I am willing to make a statement and 
 answer questions. No promises or threats have been made to me and no pressure or coercion of 
 any kind has been used against me. 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 SpeciajAgent 
 C/ 
 ro7tirs
 Time Place 
 'Math/
 Date 
 -4-1-- PA, >•-• 
 OIG Form III-226a (04/23/07) Non-Custodial/Employee 
 EFTA00032662
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 WARNINGS AND ASSURANCES TO EMPLOYEE REQUESTED 
 TO PROVIDE INFORMATION ON A VOLUNTARY BASIS 
 You are being asked to provide information as part of an investigation being conducted by the 
 Office of the Inspector General. This investigation is being conducted pursuant to the Inspector 
 General Act of 1978, as amended. 
 This investigation pertains to: 
 C:c 1 / 4 4—almac t s I a 
 sec - k"i eget:" 
 LI Y 
 tt... o 
 This is a voluntary interview. Accordingly, you do not have to answer questions. No 
 disciplinary action will be taken against you if you choose not to answer questions. 
 Any statement you furnish may be used as evidence in any future criminal proceedings or agency 
 disciplinary proceeding, or both. 
 WAIVER 
 I understand the warnings and assurances stated above and I am willing to make a statement and 
 answer questions. No promises or threats have been made to me and no pressure or coercion of 
 any kind has been used against me. 
 Special Agent 
 witness 
 9:0 d 
 S1 9 
 Date 
 110 a et •All.w 
 943:: , 
 Time Place 
 OIG Form 111-226/2 (04123107) Non-Custodiall Employee 
 EFTA00032663
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 WARNINGS AND ASSURANCES TO EMPLOYEE REQUESTED 
 TO PROVIDE INFORMATION ON A VOLUNTARY BASIS 
 You are being asked to provide information as part of an investigation being conducted by the 
 Office of the Inspector General. This investigation is being conducted pursuant to the Inspector 
 General Act of 1978, as amended. 
 This investigation pertains to: 
 le(c -65t V ni VP/ e54 tc 01 
 ...."-
 This is a voluntary interview. Accordingly, you do not have to answer questions. No 
 disciplinary action will be taken against you if you choose not to answer questions. 
 Any statement you furnish may be used as evidence in any future criminal proceedings or agency 
 disciplinary proceeding, or both. 
 WAIVER 
 I understand the warnings and assurances stated above and I am willing to make a statement and 
 answer questions. No promises or threats have been made to me and no pressure or coercion of 
 any kind has been used against me. 
 dIfice of the Inspector General 
 Special Agent 
 Time 
 r 
 81I‘11 1 
 Date 
 a90 bitoArabb, Aer.,7-
 Place 
 016 Form 111-226/2 (04123107) Nos:Custodial/Employee 
 EFTA00032664
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 WARNINGS AND ASSURANCES TO EMPLOYEE REQUESTED 
 TO PROVIDE INFORMATION ON A VOLUNTARY BASIS 
 You are being asked to provide information as part of an investigation being conducted by the 
 Office of the Inspector General. This investigation is being conducted pursuant to the Inspector 
 General Act of 1978, as amended. 
 This investigation pertains to: 
 3ecerev f54e` „
 )e•cl-in ?"- C vs 4-t y 
 lvtvesi.7 ov) e, j ci5.50C:(kftr) c--1"se I e e-
 c c--1**" 
 This is a voluntary interview. Accordingly, you do not have to answer questions. No 
 disciplinary action will be taken against you if you choose not to answer questions. 
 Any statement you furnish may be used as evidence in any future criminal proceedings or agency 
 disciplinary procccding, or both. 
 WAIVER 
 I understand the warnings and assurances stated above and I am willing to make a statement and 
 answer questions. No promises or threats have been made to me and no pressure or coercion of 
 any kind has been used against me. 
 orrice or me inspector ueneral 
 Va`,/f et 
 Date 
 (1- 
 3 
 519h,fy 
 Time Place 
 OIC Form III-226/2 (04/23/07) Non-Custodial/Employee 
 EFTA00032665
From: " 
 To:
 Cc:
 (USANYS)" e> 
 (USANYS)" 
 (USANYS)" 
 Subject: AJN Opinion on Maxwell Motions 
 Date: Fri, 16 Apr 2021 21:48:09 +0000 
 Attachments: Maxwell_Opinion_MTD.pdf 
 AJN's opinion with respect to the majority of Maxwell's pretrial motions is attached. She granted Maxwell's motion to 
 sever the perjury counts but denied the remaining motions, except for the suppression motions with respect to the Boies 
 Schiller materials, which she punted on. 
 There is some mildly positive language in here about our discovery approach in this case, and she notes that our pretrial 
 disclosure schedule is generally reasonable and will allow Maxwell to prepare for trial in July (which hopefully bodes well 
 for the trial adjournment motion). 
 Deputy Chief, Public Corruption Unit 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 Desk 
 Cell 
 EFTA00032666
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 205 Filed 04/16/21 Page 1 of 2 
 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
 SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
 United States of America, 
 —v—
 Ghislaine Maxwell, 
 Defendant. 
 USDC SDNY 
 DOCUMENT 
 ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
 DOC 0: 
 DATE FILED: 4/16/21 
 20-CR-330 (MN) 
 ORDER 
 ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: 
 On March 15, 2021, the Defendant filed under seal her reply briefs to the Government 
 memorandum of law opposing Defendants' twelve pre-trial motions. She filed the briefs, along 
 with the corresponding exhibits, temporarily under seal in order to permit the Government and 
 the Court to review certain proposed redactions. Of the twelve reply briefs, Reply Briefs 2, 4, 7, 
 8, 9, 11, and 12 did not contain any redaction or sealing requests. Reply Briefs 1, 3, 5, 6, and 10 
 contain limited proposed redactions. Reply Briefs 3, 6, and 10 also contain exhibits that the 
 Defendant proposes be filed under seal. 
 As set forth in the Defendant's cover letter, the premise of the proposed redactions is that 
 the materials were produced in discovery and subject to the protective order that has been 
 entered in this case. The mere existence of a confidentiality agreement or a protective order 
 covering judicial documents is insufficient to overcome the presumption of access. See Aioi 
 Nissay Dowa Ins. Co. v. Prosight Specialty Mgrnt. Co., Inc., 12-cv-3274 (JPO), 2012 WL 
 3583176, at *6 (S.D.N.Y. Aug. 21, 2012). And the Court did not receive specific requests or 
 justifications to redact or seal any of the materials. 
 1 
 EFTA00032667
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 205 Filed 04/16/21 Page 2 of 2 
 The Defendant is ORDERED to docket Reply Briefs 2, 4, 7, 8, 9, 11, and 12 on ECF 
 today, as she did not propose any redactions to these and the Government has not voiced any 
 opposition to these being filed without redactions. 
 If either side is seeking these or any other redactions to the remaining reply briefs, they 
 must file a letter indicating the redactions they request and providing specific justifications for 
 the sealing requests or redactions, in line with the principles set forth in Lugosch. By April 20, 
 2021, the parties shall confer and submit a letter informing the Court whether any redactions are 
 being sought. If no redactions are being sought, the Defendant is ORDERED to docket the 
 remaining reply briefs on ECF by April 20, 2021. 
 SO ORDERED. 
 Dated: April 16, 2021 
 New York, New York ALISON J. NATHAN 
 United States District Judge 
 2 
 EFTA00032668
From: ' 
 y 1 I 1 < 
 To: Christian Everdell <CEverdell CohenGresser.com>, 'Laura Menninger' 
 <Imennin er hmflaw.com>, ' 
 (USANYS)" 
 Cc: Jeff Paglitica <jpagliucaghmflaw.com>, 'BOBS! C STERNHEIM' 
 <bcstemheimgmac.com> 
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential 
 materials, scenes 
 Date: Thu, 08 Apr 2021 21:42:37 +0000 
 Inline-Images: image001.jpg 
 Great, thank you very much. Confirmed for 11am on April 12th. It can be a bit tricky to find the entrance to the 
 warehouse, so please feel free to call my cellphone ) when you arrive, and I can help direct you. 
 Best, 
 From: Christian Everdell <CEverdell@CohenGresseccom> 
 Sent: Thursday, April 8, 2021 5:22 PM 
 To: ca;'Laura Menninger'<lmenninger@hmflaw.com>, 
 (USANYS)< > 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> 
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (MN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Thanks, 11am is fine. I don't think we will need more time. If for some reason we need to go back later in the 
 week, we can arrange for another trip to finish up. 
 From: [mailto: 
 Sent: Thursday, April 08, 2021 5:19 PM 
 To: Christian Everdell; 'Laura Menninger'; ); (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' 
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (MN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Chris, 
 I am going to be tied up for a bit the morning on the 12th. Would it work on your end to meet at the warehouse at 11am, 
 please? The warehouse will be open until 4:30pm, though I'm told I can request additional time in advance if you think 
 the review will take more than 5 /1 hours. 
 Also, I am working on gathering information in response to Laura's email and expect to be able to respond to it later this 
 evening. 
 Thank you, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 EFTA00032669
New York, NY 10007 
 From: Christian Everdell <CEverdell@CohenGressencom>
 Sent: Thursday, April 8, 2021 5:06 PM 
 To: 'Laura Menninger' <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>; 
 ": >; 
 (USANYS) < 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 I plan to arrive at the warehouse on April 12 with an investigator and a paralegal at around 9:30am. Does that work? 
 Thanks, 
 Chris 
 From: Laura Menninger [mailto:Imenningerftmflaw.corn] 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 07, 2021 4:23 PM 
 To: 1  ); (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca; Christian Everdell; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' 
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (MN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 My apologies, I meant to include in my previous email that we could have the Bronx view on Monday April 12. Thank you 
 for the logistics. 
 Regarding the spreadsheets you provided, I have several issues. 
 First, there are a couple of items that you have noted for the Bronx Warehouse but will in fact need to be brought to 500 
 Pearl for review because you labeled them as "Highly Confidential" and not "bulky." These appear to include: 
 NY Evidence List 
 • Items 16127-130 (4 boxes). 
 • Item 1B13 (1 box) 
 Florida Evidence List 
 • Item 1, Subitem 26 — one large framed photo from Master Bedroom. 
 Second, with regard to the "Bulky" photos (Florida Items 1, Subitems 8, 15a, 15b and 15c), are we permitted to 
 photograph those or not? If not, we will need them transported to 500 Pearl. 
 Third, Florida Item 8, Subitem 8, says it is Sixteen DVD-R Discs from PESO but you do not indicate that we can review 
 those. Why? We need to address with the Court promptly any issues related to our request to view all evidence. 
 Fourth, Electronic surveillance — Your email yesterday stated that these were all "electronic files" with no corresponding 
 physical item. However, for several, the chart indicates "Blu-Ray Disks;" is there a reason we cannot inspect these? 
 Another Florida item is listed as "one original recording of an interview dated 4/24/07"; I am suspicious that "one original 
 recording of an interview" is not truly only an "electronic" file? I was practicing law in 2007 and do not recall "electronic 
 EFTA00032670
From: 
 To: 
 (USANYS)" cza. 
 (OGA FBI 
 (FBI . (OIG)" 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Sign in SHU 
 Date: Mon, 27 Jul 2020 03:11:29 +0000 
 Attachments: Pages_from_Assoc_Ward_Part4.pdf 
 H 
 (USANYS)" alEIMIN>
 • (NY) 
 Hi folks, 
 I have a recollection that when we were interviewing employees at the MCC, one or more individuals told us there was a 
 sign posted in the SHU that said to do your checks on Epstein. If memory serves, we never recovered the document. But 
 last week we got a production of records from the BOP as part of FOIA litigation that included the attached. Can you 
 remind us (a) if there was in fact some employee who told us about this sign — I haven't looked at all the 302s and MOls, 
 and (b) of anything we did to try to get this sign previously (if we did in fact make inquiries). 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 One St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, New York 10007 
 Tel: 
 Cell: 
 EFTA00031987
files" being the standard then. Can you please confirm? I know that Chris has written separately about the many files for 
 which the metadata has apparently been stripped, so we will have to address purely electronic information at another 
 date. 
 Shredded Paper — Yes, we need to review that as well. 
 "Missing from Assigned Box" items — can you please provide more of an explanation for all "missing items"? 
 I will let you know any other issues as I see them. However, now that we have made travel plans in reliance on your 
 agreement to produce all evidence items, I am hoping that you can promptly answer these questions so that we can 
 resolve any of them as needed this week. 
 Thank you, 
 -Laura 
 Laura A. Henninger I Partner 
 Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 
 150 E. 10th Avenue I Denver, CO 80203 
 +1 303 831 7364 (Office) 
 lmenninger@hmflaw.com 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 1:44 PM 
 To: Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>;
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca Phmflaw.com>. Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 ceverdell@cohengressercom>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 < 
 Hi Laura, 
 The Bronx warehouse is located at 2350 Lafayette Ave, Bronx, NY. There is plenty of street parking outside of the 
 building. Whatever day you wish to have the review conducted at the warehouse, an AUSA and an agent will meet the 
 attorney, investigator, and paralegal at the warehouse to escort them into the building to the evidence review room. The 
 AUSA will remain present at the warehouse to answer any questions that may arise. 
 The FBI has informed me that they can make the evidence available for review at the warehouse any day next week or the 
 week of April 19th. Please just let me know what day you prefer, and we will coordinate with the FBI to arrange for the 
 review. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 l St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032671
From: Laura Menninger <Imenningej@hmflaw.com>
 Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 3:30 PM 
 To: >; 
 (USANYS) <E> 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca cjpagliuca@hmflaw.com>• Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 ceverdell@cohengressencom>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Thank you for the updated spreadsheets and the information regarding the timing of the review at 500 Pearl. 
 I believe we will be able to have an attorney, investigator and paralegal present at the Bronx warehouse to take photos of 
 the "excluded from transportation" items. Please let us know the particulars for that visit when you have a moment. 
 Thank you, 
 Laura 
 Laura A. Menninger I Partner 
 Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 
 150 E. 10th Avenue I Denver, CO 80203 
 +I 303 831 7364 (Office) 
 Imenninger@hinflaw.com 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 10:06 AM 
 To: Laura Menninger <Imenningehmflaw.com>•
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>• Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengressercom>. 'BONI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 cfl 
 Good morning, 
 Attached please find the revised spreadsheets, which reflect designations under the Protective Order for the three mini-
 VHS tapes that I referenced below. 
 I learned this morning that the Marshals intend to bring Ms. Maxwell back to the MDC each review day at 4:30pm. So we 
 can plan for the review to take place at 500 Pearl Street from 9:30am to 4:30pm each day beginning on April 13th. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 I St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032672
From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 12:09 AM 
 To: 'Laura Menninger' <Imenningehmflaw.com> 
 < ='; 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: 'Jeff Pagliuca' ipagliuca@hmflaw.com>• 'Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com).
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Good evening, 
 Today, the Marshals confirmed that they will produce Ms. Maxwell to 500 Pearl Street on April 13, 2021 and every day 
 thereafter until the evidence review is complete. My understanding is that Ms. Maxwell should arrive to 500 Pearl Street 
 at approximately 9:30am each morning. So we are confirmed for evidence review in the proffer rooms on the 5th floor of 
 the 500 Pearl Street courthouse beginning at 9:30am on April 13th. I will plan to be present and to continue assisting with 
 logistics. If any questions or concerns arise, please feel free to call my cellphone at 
 To assist in preparing for this review, attached please find annotated versions of the three evidence spreadsheets I 
 previously emailed to you: (1) a spreadsheet of New York evidence; (2) a spreadsheet of Florida evidence; and (3) a more 
 detailed spreadsheet of the sub-items contained in the Florida evidence spreadsheet. A couple things to note: 
 • These spreadsheets now indicate the Protective Order designation, if any, for each item to be reviewed. As you will 
 see, there are three mini-VHS tapes that I need to double check before assigning a final designation. I expect to be 
 able to access a mini-VHS cassette player later this week, at which point I will be able to provide an updated 
 spreadsheet with a confirmed designation for those three items. Additionally, please note that there is one item 
 about which we plan to provide you with a letter later this week. 
 • These spreadsheets also indicate where each item will be made available for the defense to review. As you will see, 
 we have now learned that one item (consisting of shredded paper) is currently at FBI headquarters and will not be 
 available for review next week. Please let me know if you believe you need to review that item, and I will inquire as 
 to whether and how it can be relocated to New York. Additionally, all 1D items consist of electronic data (as 
 opposed to 1B items, which are physical items). As is noted in the spreadsheets, the electronic data that constitute 
 the 1D items in this case have either already been produced to you in discovery (e.g., pen register data, CPS data, 
 and aerial footage), or are digital recordings of interviews that will be produced as non-testifying witness 
 statements. Because these 1D items are data files stored in the FBI system, there is no corresponding physical item 
 to produce for you to review. 
 Please let me know when you would like to schedule a time for a smaller group from the defense team to review evidence 
 at the Bronx warehouse. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, April 5, 2021 10:48 PM 
 To: Laura Menninger <Imenning @hmflaw.com>•
 1S; 
 EFTA00032673
(USANYS)
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BONI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Laura, 
 Thank you for your email and for your understanding as we work through the logistics of arranging this review. Your 
 modifications and clarifications are acceptable to us. Below I address each specifically: 
 • The FBI can arrange for a lawyer, investigator, and paralegal to inspect and photograph the precluded items at the 
 Bronx warehouse either next week or the week after. Please let us know what day you would like to arrange for 
 that inspection, and I will coordinate with the FBI accordingly. I would suggest trying to schedule this visit early 
 next week if possible so that if there are items that you believe need to be produced to 500 Pearl Street, we will 
 have time to do so during a subsequent day of review at 500 Pearl if the FBI agrees to transport the item(s). 
 • Tomorrow, I will send you evidence spreadsheets with annotations of which items the FBI will not be producing to 
 500 Pearl Street, and which items we are designating under the Protective Order. Please note that certain items 
 will be designated "Confidential," in which case they may be photographed, but the photographs should be treated 
 as Confidential under the Protective Order. Other items will be designated "Highly Confidential," in which case they 
 may not be photographed, absent specific authorization from an AUSA. I note the possibility of authorization to 
 photograph this latter category because some Highly Confidential evidence items include both nude and non-nude 
 portions, in which case we would permit photography of the non-nude portions. 
 • In light of our decision to produce non-testifying witness statements beginning on April 12, 2021, we are no longer 
 segregating any electronic media that contain witness statements during this review. This is because all of the 
 witness statements on the electronic media in the FBI's possession are from witnesses whom the Government does 
 not expect to call at trial in this case. Please note that we intend to produce digital audio files to you containing the 
 contents of the electronic media with these non-testifying witness statements, but you are of course welcome to 
 review the original recordings themselves. 
 • In terms of space, I have been informed that we will not be permitted to conduct this review in a courtroom and 
 will instead be required to do so in the proffer rooms. I have reserved the two largest proffer rooms available at 
 500 Pearl. We can use the largest proffer room for evidence review, and the slightly smaller proffer room as a 
 private meeting space for the defense team. 
 • Confirmed, I will ask the FBI to bring all electronic highly confidential images to 500 Pearl Street, including the 
 2,100 that were not previously reviewed and the electronic images that were previously provided for review at the 
 MDC. 
 • Confirmed, I will ask the FBI to bring the 7 hard-copy highly confidential materials to 500 Pearl Street. 
 As I mentioned earlier today in a separate email, the FBI and AUSAs are prepared to facilitate this review beginning April 
 13 th and continuing every day thereafter until your review is complete. I have also formally requested that the Marshals 
 produce Ms. Maxwell to 500 Pearl Street on April 13th and every day thereafter until the review is complete. The 
 Marshals previously confirmed their willingness to produce Ms. Maxwell for such a review in general, but they have not 
 yet confirmed their ability to do so on any particular dates. I will let you know as soon as the Marshals inform me 
 whether they can accommodate these specific dates. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew% Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032674
From: Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>
 Sent: Friday, April 2, 2021 5:36 PM 
 To:  >; 
 ) ca; 
 (USANYS) < 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com> . 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Thank you for your email. Your proposal is largely acceptable to us, with the following modifications and clarifications. 
 • For the items that you propose below to exclude from the evidence transported to 500 Pearl Street (with the 
 exception of the cash held at 26 Federal Plaza), we will need to have access for a lawyer, investigator and paralegal 
 to inspect and photograph those items at the Bronx warehouse. This seems to include the bulky items, electronic 
 devices and "fragile" items. 
 o Once they are photographed and shared with the team and our client, we can decide whether a separate 
 inspection by our client and/or any expert is necessary at a later time. To be clear, the government's photos 
 of these same items are insufficient. 
 o If there are any items we are not permitted to photograph (and perhaps you will be able to tell us by April 5 
 which those are), we likely will need to have those transported because there is no way for our client to 
 inspect the evidence. We can wait to finalize this issue until you have finished deciding what items you 
 consider non-photographable, and if we can't agree, then discuss next steps. 
 o Please let us know when these "non-transportable" items can be inspected and photographed at the Bronx 
 warehouse. It makes sense that it would be done soon so that we can raise any issues as necessary with the 
 Court. 
 • For playing any of the electronic media, we will obtain the necessary equipment to play at 500 Pearl Street and 
 seek permission to bring those devices into the Courthouse. You can segregate out the section of recordings that 
 contain "witness statements" and advise us then which ones cannot be played, but we still need to inspect the 
 outside of those recordings. 
 • As far as space, can you please advise whether the largest proffer room will be available for review of evidence? It 
 is my understanding that it can accommodate a large number of the team members at one time. If not, is a locked 
 courtroom available for us to review the evidence? The agents could bring out a limited number of boxes at a time 
 for inspection. 
 • We understand that the evidence will not be taken outside of the monitoring of the agents or your staff and 
 appreciate that you will have a separate room for us to consult with our client privately (without the evidence). 
 • We understand that all of the highly confidential materials, including not only the 2,100 images not previously 
 disclosed as well as the electronic images that were only shown to NY counsel and the client at the MDC, will be 
 available for review on a singular laptop at 500 Pearl Street. 
 • We also understand the 7 hard-copy highly confidential materials will also be available for inspection at 500 Pearl 
 Street. 
 Please let me know if you have any questions or disagree with my understanding. If you agree, we can then proceed as 
 scheduled on April 12 and continue day to day until we are finished, with a break if necessary for the arraignment. 
 Laura A. Menninger I Partner 
 Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 
 150 E. 10th Avenue I Denver, CO 80203 
 +I 303 831 7364 (Office) 
 Imenninger(alnflaw.com 
 EFTA00032675
From: 
 Sent: Saturday, March 27, 2021 4:38 PM 
 To: Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>•
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaCiilhmflaw.com>• Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 ceverdell@cohengresser.com>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 < 
 Counsel, 
 Thank you for your email. Below please find our response. If this is acceptable to you, then we will proceed with 
 arranging the logistics of having your client produced to 500 Pearl the week of April 12th and the week April 19th. We will 
 also arrange for the FBI to transport evidence to 500 Pearl for review the week of April 12th. 
 Physical Evidence 
 • It is not reasonable or feasible to insist that the FBI bring all physical evidence to 500 Pearl Street. That said, we are 
 certainly willing to work with you to ensure that your client can review any physical items that are material to the 
 preparation of her defense. 
 • We would propose excluding the below items from production to 500 Pearl: 
 o We appreciate your note that the massage tables are not needed, which will certainly help with the logistics 
 of transport. 
 o We also appreciate your indication that the cash items from 26 Federal Plaza do not need to be produced. 
 Those are the only items not located in the Bronx warehouse. 
 o The FBI has seized dozens of electronic devices, including desktop computers, servers, and laptops, from 
 Jeffrey Epstein's residences in 2019. Photographs of those devices were produced in our August 2020 
 productions as part of the search warrant photographs, and you have received copies of the data that was 
 seized from those devices pursuant to a warrant. The production of these devices would be very 
 cumbersome, and we do not see any value in looking at an electronic device that cannot be turned on. 
 o The framed pictures are bulky and cumbersome to transport. These are also very delicate and are difficult 
 to transport. Photographs of those seized images were already provided to you as part of the photographs 
 from the searches of Epstein's residences. 
 o Certain items seized from the New York residence are bulky, fragile, and/or difficult to transport. These 
 include plaster busts of female torsos and a stuffed dog. Photographs of these items were already provided 
 to you from the search of the New York residence. 
 • The remaining physical items of evidence would fit into approximately 15 to 20 boxes. The FBI has indicated that it 
 would be feasible to transport those boxes to 500 Pearl Street. 
 • Regarding your request for equipment that can play the recordings, we believe they would require a VCR, a cassette 
 player, a CD player, an adapter for a micro VHS tape, and a microcassette player. If you wish to play these 
 recordings at 500 Pearl, you will need to provide that equipment. We have asked the FBI whether any other 
 equipment would be necessary and will let you know if that is the case prior to the date of your review. It is our 
 understanding that any recordings that are not witness statements and that are not highly confidential have been 
 produced to you in discovery. We are not aware of any discoverable, non-highly confidential, recordings that were 
 not produced to you as part of the Government's discovery productions in the fall. To confirm that understanding, 
 we are working with the FBI to physically doublecheck each recording. If we identify any discoverable recordings 
 that have not already been produced, we will promptly provide them to you. 
 • The segregation of highly confidential material will require the FBI and an AUSA to physically review each item to 
 confirm the item's status. We will endeavor to do so by your requested date of April 5, 2021. 
 EFTA00032676
• We can confirm that neither the AUSA(s) nor the agent(s) will record or attempt to record any part of the evidence 
 review or conversations among the defense team or with the defendant during this review. Although the evidence 
 cannot be left outside of the presence of an agent, we will ensure that a room is available for the defense team and 
 the defendant to confer privately away from the agent(s) and the AUSA(s) without monitoring. 
 • As for your request for a space large enough to fit 8 members of the defense team, the defendant, an agent, an 
 AUSA, and the evidence, my office cannot control the space that the Marshals allow us to use at 500 Pearl outside 
 of the proffer rooms. We will certainly request as large a space as possible, but if we are required to use the 
 proffer rooms, then members of the defense team may need to rotate in and out of the room. I know members of 
 the defense team have been in those proffer rooms before, and they can hopefully provide some thoughts on how 
 we might use the proffer room space effectively for your purposes. If the Court grants authorization for the 
 defense to bring electronic devices into 500 Pearl, that is certainly fine with the Government, and you may note our 
 consent in your request to Judge Nathan for such authorization. 
 Highly Confidential Electronic Images 
 . The 2,100 electronic images were recovered during the responsiveness review of images and videos seized from 
 Jeffrey Epstein's devices, which review was not complete until early November 2020. We indicated on page 4 the 
 cover letter to our November 9, 2020 production, which included all other images and videos from those devices, 
 that "the Federal Bureau of Investigation ('FBI') seized multiple nude and partially nude images from several for the 
 above -listed electronic devices. All such images have been designated Highly Confidential. The FBI will make these 
 images available for review by the defense upon request." We did not receive a request from the defense to review 
 these images until your March 8, 2021 letter, which requested to "view and inspect all materials designated by your 
 office as 'Highly Confidential' under the terms of the Protective Order". 
 • We did not ask the FBI to bring the 7 hard copy images to the MDC in the fall because we did not understand you to 
 be requesting a review of physical, non-electronic evidence during those meetings. Our understanding of the 
 defense request at that time was to review the electronic highly confidential images that were recovered from CDs 
 from Epstein's residence. We will ensure that the 7 hard copy images are available to you for review at 500 Pearl. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew% Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>
 Sent: Monday, March 22, 2021 5:19 PM 
 To: 
 ) ; ) <Ma 
 (USANYS) ‹> 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca Phmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 All, 
 We have considered your proposal. Unfortunately, it does not permit us an adequate ability to review the evidence in the 
 case and does not permit our client to meaningfully participate in her own defense. 
 EFTA00032677
First, we are unable to meaningfully review the evidence without the benefit of our laptops and other electronic devices 
 which are needed to take notes of our review. We also need access to our devices during the review to compare the 
 physical evidence with the electronic discovery and with our work product. 
 Second, we need to provide our client the ability to review all discovery, including any recordings, in order to assist in her 
 own defense. Presuming that she will not be taken to the FBI downtown office, then your proposal offers no means by 
 which she can both inspect a recording in its physical form and listen to the recording at the same time. 
 In order to address the deficiencies in your proposal, we believe the following are necessary: 
 Physical Evidence 
 • All of the physical evidence currently located in the FBI Bronx warehouse will be transported to 500 Pearl Street 
 and made available during the week of April 12, with our client present, in a room sufficiently large to 
 accommodate 8 attorneys and investigators. 
 o We do not need the "bulky" massage tables transported; if there are any other extremely large evidence 
 pieces, let us know what they are and we can consider whether we can have someone review and 
 photograph those at the Bronx warehouse at an earlier time. 
 o From your email, it appears that only two items are not located at the Bronx warehouse — both envelopes 
 with cash. Please confirm this. We do not need the two "cash" evidence items transported to 500 Pearl. 
 o If there are other evidence items housed somewhere other than the Bronx, please let us know what they are 
 and where they are. 
 • We will be permitted to bring our laptops, and a camera, into 500 Pearl Street; we are happy to seek permission 
 from Judge Nathan to do so. 
 • Either the FBI can provide the equipment necessary to listen to any of the recordings at 500 Pearl Street or we can 
 bring the necessary equipment. If we are to provide the equipment, we will need to know in advance the formats 
 of each recording so that we can be prepared. You can note that on your Excel spreadsheet by the item number by 
 March 29 to give us adequate time to secure the necessary equipment. 
 • The FBI can segregate any physical evidence that you deem "highly confidential." You can identify any "highly 
 confidential" physical evidence items on your Excel spreadsheets by April 5 (one week before the evidence view). If 
 we need to photograph or reproduce any such item for expert evaluation, we will seek leave of court. Otherwise, 
 we will not photograph any such items during the review during the week of April 12. This will ensure the evidence 
 review proceeds smoothly and there will not be any need to ask permission to photograph on an item by item 
 basis. 
 • The FBI also can segregate any recordings which we will be able to inspect, but not listen to, during the evidence 
 view the week of April 12. You can note such designation on your Excel spreadsheet. If we disagree, we can seek 
 leave of the Court in advance. 
 • We understand that an FBI Agent and/or AUSA may be present during our physical evidence review at 500 Pearl 
 Street but of course must ensure that no recordings are made of our conversations and also ensure that there is a 
 separate, secure room in which we can confer with our client during the evidence view without monitoring by the 
 government. 
 • Please confirm whether all electronic recordings (other than the highly-confidential images and videos described 
 below) have previously been produced to us, and if not, please explain which ones were not produced by the 
 discovery deadlines last fall and why. 
 Highly Confidential Electronic Evidence 
 • Can you please explain why 2,100 + 7 "highly confidential" images have not been shared with us yet? It was our 
 understanding that you previously provided all "highly confidential" images to our client — and to defense counsel —
 for review at the MDC in November. We are confused about where these previously undisclosed items were 
 located and why they have not yet been made available for inspection and review. 
 • During the week of April 19, Ms. Maxwell should be produced to 500 Pearl Street to review (with counsel and a 
 defense staff member, on the 1 laptop provided) all of the 5,507 electronic images and video marked "highly 
 confidential". These should be segregated into the three categories you describe (never-before produced, 
 previously produced, and the 7 hard-copy images). 
 EFTA00032678
Please let us know if you will not agree to any of these steps so that we can address the issues with the Court. 
 Thank you. 
 Laura A. Henninger I Partner 
 Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 
 150 E. 10th Avenue I Denver, CO 80203 
 +I 303 831 7364 (Office) 
 hnenningerghmflaw.com 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 16, 2021 4:40 PM 
 To: Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>:
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <ipagliucaCoMmflaw.com>. Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengressetcom>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 All, 
 Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI's custody, as well as a corresponding 
 discovery cover letter. We are sending a copy of these files to the MDC for your client as well. 
 In response to your questions, the FBI has informed me of the following: 
 Regarding the Highly Confidential nude/partially nudge images to be reviewed at 500 Pearl: 
 • There are three categories of these images: 
 o Approximately 2,100 electronic images and videos seized from Epstein's electronic devices (which have not 
 been previously provided to you) 
 o Approximately 3,400 electronic images from discs seized from Epstein's residences in 2019 (which have 
 previously been provided to you and your client for review at the MDC) 
 o Approximately 7 hard copy nude images located in the file from the FBI Florida office's investigation of 
 Epstein (which have not been previously provided to you) 
 • The FBI will make all three of those categories available to you. The electronic files will be provided on hard drives, 
 and the FBI will provide you with the hard copy images for review as well. 
 o All electronic images should be viewable as thumbnails, except those seized from Apple devices, which must 
 be viewed using Cellebrite. 
 o The Cellebrite software will be provided on the drive for your review of images and videos seized from Apple 
 devices. 
 o The electronic files have the same metadata on the hard drive that was available when the FBI seized each 
 image. For images that were carved or deleted, no metadata was recovered, so none is viewable. For all 
 other images, the metadata recovered should be viewable on the hard drive. 
 o The approximately 2,100 electronic images and videos seized from Epstein's devices are separated by folder 
 to indicate which device each image was seized from. 
 • Because these images are considered obscene material, the FBI is not permitted to make duplicates of them, and 
 there is a limited number of clean laptops on which these images can be reviewed. As a result, the FBI is only able 
 to provide a single laptop for review of these images. 
 Regarding the physical evidence: 
 • Attached are two lists of all physical items in the FBI's custody relating to this case. The first list relates to items 
 associated with the FBI Florida office's investigation of Epstein. The second list relates to items associated with the 
 FBI New York office's current investigation. 
 • The vast majority of physical evidence in the FBI's custody is located at the FBI's warehouse in the Bronx. Two 
 items (18 77 & 1B 79) are located at 26 Federal Plaza, but the case agents can check those items out from 26 
 EFTA00032679
Federal Plaza and bring them to the Bronx warehouse on whatever day you choose to conduct your review so that 
 you will have all evidence in one place. 
 • The FBI is able to arrange for the defense team to review all physical evidence at the Bronx warehouse under the 
 following conditions: 
 o The warehouse requires at least two weeks' notice in order to pull all of the items for the entire case and 
 place them in a location where a large group of people can view them. 
 o The warehouse is open during normal business hours between 9am and 5pm on weekdays. 
 o At least two FBI agents and an AUSA will be present at the Bronx warehouse to assist and answer questions. 
 o The evidence will be placed in a loading dock at the warehouse to provide additional space for the review. 
 To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team intend 
 to be physically present for this review. 
 o Electronic devices such as cellphones and laptops are not permitted in the warehouse. The defense team 
 may bring a digital camera that is not connected to the Internet or a cellular network into the warehouse. If 
 the defense team wishes to photograph an item of evidence, the defense will need to inform the agents who 
 are present, so that they may confirm that the photographed item is not Highly Confidential based on the 
 presence of nudity. 
 o Electronic media such as VHS tapes, cassette tapes, and CDs will not be playable at the warehouse. 
 • To the extent the defense requests that the FBI bring any physical items to 500 Pearl Street for your client to review, 
 the FBI is prepared to bring items that are reasonably sized to 500 Pearl Street. With respect to bulky or large 
 items, the defense team should be able to photograph those for your client to review, unless they are deemed 
 Highly Confidential, in which case the FBI can make arrangements to transport the item to 500 Pearl Street if 
 necessary. 
 • The FBI is in the process of confirming that it can provide devices to play all of the electronic media in the case in a 
 single location at the FBI's offices in downtown Manhattan. We are also double-checking to confirm that all media 
 that does not contain witness statements have already been produced to you and your client in discovery. The FBI 
 anticipates that we can arrange for you to review all non-witness statement electronic media at the FBI's office in 
 downtown Manhattan in approximately three weeks. 
 o To the extent you wish to review all of the discs containing photographs, which were seized from Epstein's 
 residences in 2019, we note that all of those images have already been produced to you in discovery. For 
 your awareness, the FBI has informed me that it took their team several weeks to review all of the images on 
 all of those discs. 
 Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew% Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, March 15, 2021 6:00 PM 
 To: 'Laura Menninger' <Imenningehmflaw.com>•
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengressercom) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 EFTA00032680
iiiiGOD 
 封〕d SY t7S0一8工E9L# NI31Sd] 
 封Os 」上nNI 囚 
 。 人封3∼〕O〕』 naNOD〕日 
 ．一——一一一∼』懶一一一一一＼』／勺 
 1SflV 'JsaNn 。好划oivavNWJ 
 EFTA00031988
Laura, 
 I expect to be able to answer all of your questions about the evidence review by tomorrow. 
 We have been looking into the discovery request you made last week, and we hope to have a response ready to provide 
 to you by next week. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>
 Sent: Monday, March 15, 2021 3:01 PM 
 To: ) >; -)sca; 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>. Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengressercom>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Now that the FBI team is back, when do you expect to have answers to all of the questions posed? If I had an idea of 
 when you would have answers, it could help me answer your question. 
 At a minimum, it would not seem to take too much time to know when someone can open the FBI vault and allow the 
 attorneys to make an initial view of the evidence. Also, I understand the FBI did not prepare an inventory of their 
 evidence when they seized it from NY and LSJ, so I don't think we need to wait for them to now prepare an inventory 
 before we start reviewing evidence. 
 Also, when do you believe you will have a response regarding the discovery I requested last Monday? 
 Thanks, 
 Laura 
 Laura A. Henninger I Partner 
 Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 
 150 E. 10th Avenue I Denver, CO 80203 
 +I 303 831 7364 (Office) 
 Imenninger(khmflaw.com 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, March 12, 2021 11:44 AM 
 To: Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>.
 (USANYS) 
 EFTA00032681
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaCahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Counsel, 
 The FBI team on this case has been out of the office this week and will not be able to answer all of the questions you 
 asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
 until all of those questions can be answered to schedule a day for your client to be brought to 500 Pearl Street to review 
 the highly confidential images. My understanding is that the FBI is able to provide at least one laptop containing those 
 highly confidential images in time for such a review to take place on Thursday 5/18, but I may not have the answers to all 
 of your questions about those images before that date, and I do not know whether you will also be able to visit the 
 evidence vault that same week. 
 Please let me know how you would like to proceed. I will reach back out once I have answers to your questions. 
 Thank you, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 4:56 PM 
 c >; 
 To: Laura Menninger <Imenningej@hmflaw.com>:
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 That is the only excel spreadsheet indexing physical evidence that we have produced in discovery. That spreadsheet does 
 not include every physical item currently in the FBI's custody related to this case. For example, the August 20, 2020 
 discovery production also included search warrant returns listing the physical items seized by the FBI's New York Office 
 during the 2019 searches of Jeffrey Epstein's residences in New York and the U.S Virgin Islands (see Bates range 
 SDNY_GM_00166007-SDNY_GM_00166043), but they are not contained in a spreadsheet. 
 As a courtesy, I have asked the FBI whether it would be possible to provide us with a similar excel index reflecting the 
 physical evidence seized by the FBI's New York Office, though it may take some time to compile such an index. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032682
1 St. Andrew% Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>
 Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 3:44 PM 
 To: 
 ) < 
 >; 
 ) 
 (USANYS)< > 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Thank you. Is that the only index of physical evidence available? 
 Laura A. Menninger I Partner 
 Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 
 150 E. 10th Avenue I Denver, CO 80203 
 +1 303 831 7364 (Office) 
 Imenningol@hmflaw.com 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 20211:38 PM 
 To: Laura Menninger <Imenningehmflaw.com>;
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Counsel, 
 In advance of our call tomorrow, I wanted to send a copy of the attached index of physical items in FBI custody from the 
 FBI -Miami office, which we previously produced to you as part of our August 21, 2020 discovery production. Also 
 included in that August 21, 2020 production were scans of numerous items listed on the index. Those scans can be found 
 within Bates range SDNY_GM_00172218-SDNY_GM_00173007. It may be useful to reference some of those items during 
 our conversation tomorrow, so I wanted to make sure you were aware of them. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032683
From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 2:03 PM 
 To: 'Laura Menninger' <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>• 
 al›; 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresseccom>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Yes, that works for us, thank you very much. We can use the below dial-in: 
 Dial -in: 
 Code: 
 Best, 
 From: Laura Menninger <Imenninge≥r  
 Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 11:19 AM 
 To: 
 ) )°c›; 
 (USANYS)
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Good morning, 
 We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
 suggest another later time if not. 
 Thank you, 
 Laura 
 Laura A. Menninger I Partner 
 Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 
 150 E. 10th Avenue I Denver, CO 80203 
 +1 303 831 7364 (Office) 
 Imenninger@hmflaw.com 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 8:36 AM 
 To: Laura Menninger <Imenningehmflaw.com>;
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaCahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) 
 <ceverdell@cohengresseccom>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Good morning, 
 It would be helpful to have a call to discuss the requests contained in this letter. Are there times tomorrow when you 
 would be available to speak, please? 
 Thank you, 
 EFTA00032684
Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 I St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: Laura Menninger <Imenning @hmflaw.com>
 Sent: Monday, March 8, 2021 2:03 PM 
 To: ) <->; 
 (I-ISANYS)< > 
 Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>• Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com)
 <ceverdell@cohengressencom>.13OB8I C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com>
 Subject: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 
 Counsel — 
 Please see attached correspondence. 
 -Laura 
 Laura A. Menninger 
 Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. 
 150 East 10th Avenue 
 Denver, Colorado 80203 
 Main 303.831.7364 FX 303.832.2628 
 Imenninger@hmflaw.com 
 www.hmflaw.com 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail transmission, and any documents, files or previous e-mail messages 
 attached to it may contain information that is confidential or legally privileged. If you are not the intended 
 recipient, or a person responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you 
 must not read this transmission and that any disclosure, copying, printing, distribution or use of any of the 
 information contained in or attached to this transmission is STRICTLY PROHIBITED. If you have received this 
 transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
 transmission and its attachments without reading or saving it in any manner. Thank you. 
 EFTA00032685
From: " 
 To: Christian Christian Everdell "Mark S. Cohen" 
 obbi Sternheim "'BOBBI C 
 , Laura Menninger 
 Jeff Pagliuc 
 Cc: 
 alMIN>, . 
 (USANYS)" 
 , 1 =MI (USANYS) [Contractor]" 
 Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - discovery production 
 Date: Fri, 09 Apr 2021 15:05:27 +0000 
 Attachments: 2021.04.09_Maxwell_Discovery_Letter.pdf 
 Counsel, 
 We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you today. Attached please find the accompanying cover 
 letter. The production is small enough to produce via the FTP site. Would you please send us a link if that is how you 
 would like us to make the production to you? 
 We will send a CD with the new production to the MDC for Ms. Maxwell. Our paralegals have converted all excel files 
 within this production into PDFs, so your client should be able to review the materials. As always, if you would prefer that 
 she receive the production on a drive, we can either request that the MDC send us one of the drives back to load with the 
 production, or we can load a new drive if you would like to provide us with one. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032686
1111 
 The Law Offices of 
 MONTELL FIGGINS,LLC 
 17 Academy Street, Suite 305 
 Newark, New Jersey 07102 
 Phone: (973) 242-4700 
 Fax: (973) 242-4701 
 mwe.figgInslaw.com 
 StDillarl4 ncarcc• 
 140 East Ridgewood Avenue 
 Paramus. NJ 07640 
 Reply to Newark Off ice [X] 
 Of Counsel 
 Douglas Mitchell. Esq. 
 Linda Childs, Esq. 
 SENT VIA ECF 
 Honorable Analisa Torres 
 U.S. Southern District of NY 
 500 Pearl Street 
 New York, NY 10007 
 30 Wall Street P Floor 
 New York, NY 1005 
 Re: USA v Michael Thomas, et al. 
 Docket No.: 1:19-cr-00830 
 Addendum to Letter Brief in Support of Deferred Prosecution 
 Your Honor, 
 Please accept this addendum as a supplement to my letter brief, in support of Mr. Michael 
 Thomas' Application for Deferred Prosecution. 
 1. Additional Adverse Impacts 
 Mr. Thomas' life has spiraled down-hill ever since losing his livelihood and reputation 
 after being charged in this case. Most notably Mr. Thomas this prosecution has caused Mr. 
 Thomas to suffer extreme anxiety and depression. Prior to the events in this case, Mr. Thomas 
 was in precarious financial situation, that required him to work as much overtime as possible to 
 EFTA00032687
meet his financial obligations. Subsequently, Mr. Thomas has no money to support himself. His 
 bills are all past-due and he sees his family, including his children, less than before. He feels a 
 tremendous amount of guilt and embarrassment because of his actions. This had led him to rarely 
 going out in public and distancing himself from friends and family. Prior to this incident, Mr. 
 Thomas was well liked and popular among his co-workers at MCC. Many have reached out to 
 show support and check on his well-being however, Mr. Thomas's depression has prevented him 
 from strengthening those relationships. 
 Additionally, Mr. Thomas is deeply affected by the publicity this case has created. This 
 has made it virtually impossible for him to secure another job to support himself and his 
 children. Moreover, in almost all the instances wherein he has tried to get another job he has 
 been recognized. Once he fills out an application with work history wherein, he includes working 
 at MCC, employers recognize him as " the guard who fell asleep on the job." Alternatively, if he 
 attempts to hide his previous employment, he has nothing to put on the application for the last 16 
 years as to his recent employment which also becomes a huge red flag to potential employers. As 
 a result, Mr. Thomas has not been able to secure any employment since losing his job at the 
 MCC. 
 2. Factors that merit leniency 
 There are several factors that militate toward the government showing leniency in this 
 case. Most notably, as previously mentioned, Mr. Thomas has strong record of service to his 
 country in the armed services. Anyone who serves out country deserves our thanks and praise; 
 however, Mr. Thomas' experience was different than many others. Mr. Thomas' military service 
 entailed being involved in live action combat where he saw people killed and severely injured. 
 EFTA00032688
Mr. Thomas knows what dead bodies smell and look like. This experience has had lasting mental 
 effects on Mr. Thomas that he has not shared with anyone. 
 3. Events in Question 
 Prior to being charged in this case, Mr. Thomas immediately revealed what happened the 
 night Mr. Epstein died to prosecutors via his attorney. On August 10, 2019, Mr. Thomas reported 
 to the midnight shift to work overtime after working multiple overtime shifts in addition to his 
 regular full time shifts in the days and hours preceding this time. He checked in, signed onto the 
 computer system, and handled some preliminary paperwork for the upcoming shift. He 
 remembers briefly going online to check some sports scores and look at some classifieds. He 
 believes that he was on the Internet for well under one hour's time. The next thing he remembers 
 is being awakened around 5:00am by the arrival of the morning food cart. Commotion ensued 
 and he immediately rushed to check on the inmates, at which time he found Mr. Epstein hanging 
 in his cell. 
 Mr. Thomas has always maintained that he worked himself too hard and that he was too 
 tired when he showed up to that midnight shift. He had worked an excessive number of shifts 
 without adequate sleep and rest. As previously discussed, Mr. Thomas was not working the 
 multiple over-time shifts out of greed or to save for a boat. He worked the additional shifts to pay 
 his rent and child support which required the overtime income. It bears noting to any lay person 
 looking at the schedule worked by Mr. Thomas, that it would be impossible for him effectively 
 discharge his employment duties. Nonetheless, the administration and the culture of the MCC 
 not only allowed this behavior but in many instances encouraged and required it. 
 EFTA00032689
4. Acceptance of responsibility 
 At approximately 6:00am in the morning immediately following Mr. Thomas attempting 
 lifesaving CPR on Jeffrey Epstein, it has been reported that Mr. Thomas immediately accepted 
 responsibility for his actions. He has never wavered from acknowledging his wrongdoing and the 
 mistakes that he has made. Indeed, from all accounts, it appears that Mr. Thomas alone has stood 
 up and acknowledged his failure. This incident could not have happened unless many others also 
 failed in the duties but there seems to be little information of anyone other than Mr. Thomas 
 accepting responsibility for this tragedy. 
 5. Cooperation 
 Mr. Thomas is the only person who saw Jeffrey Epstein hanging in his cell. Mr. Thomas 
 is one of a very few people to have lengthy conversations with Jeffrey Epstein prior to his death. 
 Mr. Thomas will cooperate with all government agencies if this case is resolved with a deferred 
 prosecution. 
 LAW OFFICES OF MONTELL FIGGINS, LLC 
 Montell Figgins, Esq. 
 Attorneys for Defendant Michael Thomas 
 EFTA00032690
From: ' (LSANYS)" 
 To: "M
 a'• " 
 (USANYS)" 4-e> 
 Cc: 1 
 Subject: RE: SDNY investigation 
 Date: Mon, 27 Jul 2020 19:52:06 +0000 
 Okay, thanks. Frustrating if not surprising on 3, otherwise this seems like a win to me. Thanks again. 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, July 27, 2020 10:41 AM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc:
 Subject: FW: SONY investigation 
 efl 
 FYI 
 From: Weinstein, Marc A. 
 Sent: Monday, July 27, 2020 10:22 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 c: "; 
 Subject: RE: SDNY investigation 
 (USANYS) 
 ; Andrew Tomback •<> 
 We are in receipt of your July 26, 2020 letter. On behalf of the Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, we can 
 confirm the following: (i) Section 2.5(B) of The 1953 Trust has not been and will not be used by the Co-Executors to 
 suggest that any current or former employee who chooses to meet or provide information to law enforcement as part of 
 any ongoing investigation will be retaliated against in any way, or will lose any employment benefit, or any other benefit, 
 inheritance, or bequest under the 1953 Trust as a result of meeting with or providing information to law enforcement; (ii) 
 the Co-Executors have not made any distributions to Ghislaine Maxwell and will notify the United States Attorney's Office 
 for the Southern District of New York in advance of any disbursement to her during the pendency of the criminal 
 proceeding against her in the Southern District of New York; and (iii) the Co-Executors are not prepared at this time to 
 waive any applicable privileges, including the attorney-client privilege, with respect to any materials obtained or seized by 
 the Government. 
 Please let us know if you have additional questions. 
 Best regards, 
 Marc 
 Marc A. Weinstein I Partner 
 Chair. White Collar Defense 
 Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP 
 One Battery Path Plaza, 17th floor I New York. NY 10004-1482 
 Office Cell I I Fax +1 (212) 299-6460 
 EFTA00031989
From: White Collar Law360 <news(Oaw360.com> 
 To:
 Subject: Manhattan DA Investigating 'Missing' NYC Real Estate Atty 
 Date: Mon, 12 Apr 2021 07:49:35 +0000 
 L e law360 White 
 Collar 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Monday, April 12, 2021 Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Manhattan DA Investigating 'Missing' NYC Real Estate Atty 
 The Manhattan District Attorney's Office is investigating a city real estate 
 attorney who has allegedly gone missing along with millions in client funds, a 
 source familiar with the probe told Law360. 
 Letter attached I Read full article » 
 Biden Floats $1.8B Boost In Justice Department Funding 
 President Joe Biden on Friday proposed a $1.8 billion discretionary funding 
 increase to the U.S. Department of Justice for the next fiscal year, with more 
 money going to civil rights enforcement, immigration courts and state and 
 local criminal justice reforms. 
 Read full article » 
 Gaetz Lawyers Up With Prominent NYC Defense Team 
 Rep. Matt Gaetz of Florida has retained a pair of top-shelf New York defense 
 attorneys amid a federal sex trafficking investigation. 
 Read full article » 
 Former Netflix Exec Faces Bribery Charges As Trial Kicks Off 
 Prosecutors accused a former Netflix executive of illegally receiving 
 kickbacks and stock options from startups in exchange for lucrative contracts 
 with the streaming giant during opening arguments in a bribery trial 
 in California federal court Friday, while defense counsel argued the deals 
 were legitimate and a product of Netflix's "no rules" culture. 
 Read full article » 
 House Slams DOJ's 2nd Bid To Delay McGahn Subpoena Case 
 A top House attorney has rebuked the Biden administration's claim that 
 they've made "sufficient progress" toward a settlement that warrants another 
 postponement of oral arguments before the D.C. Circuit in House Democrats' 
 long -running bid to compel testimony from former Trump White House 
 counsel Don McGahn. 
 Letter attached I Read full article » 
 Ulbricht Floats Theory That 2nd Silk Road Plea Offer Existed 
 A federal judge on Friday directed the Manhattan U.S. attorneys office to 
 check if there was a second plea deal offered to Ross Ulbricht, besides one 
 he famously rejected, after the former Silk Road operator's lawyer cited a 
 published report and said it suggests another offer existed. 
 Order attached I Read full article 
 Law360 
 ;,,Law360 Rising Stars 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Alston & Bird 
 Arnold & Porter 
 Baker Botts 
 Bernstein Litowitz 
 Bracewell LLP 
 Bramnick Law 
 CMBG3 Law 
 Clayman & Rosenberg 
 Conn Kavanaugh 
 Crowell & Moring 
 D'Agostino Levine 
 DLA Piper 
 Davis Polk 
 Eckert Seamans 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 Fenwick & West 
 Foley & Lardner 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Goodwin Procter 
 Govemo Law Firm 
 EFTA00032691
Judge Mulls Trump Appointee's Jail Release Bid In Riot Case 
 A D.C. federal judge seemed hesitant Friday to continue detaining a former 
 Trump U.S. Department of State appointee seeking release from jail pending 
 his trial on charges for participating in the Jan. 6 insurrection at the U.S. 
 Capitol. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 Feds Drop Criminal Charges In Alleged Fintech Fraud Scheme 
 Federal prosecutors on Friday sought to drop wire fraud and securities fraud 
 charges against a former financial planner, noting that his alleged co-
 conspirator had been pardoned by former President Donald Trump. 
 Motion attached I Read full article » 
 COMPLIANCE 
 Texas Justices Say No Jail For Salon Owner In COVID Fight 
 The Texas Supreme Court ruled Friday a Dallas salon owner won't have to 
 go back to jail to finish out a seven-day sentence for operating her business 
 during the statewide coronavirus shutdown in April 2020, finding the 
 temporary restraining order that's the basis of her punishment is invalid. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 Biden Seeks 21% Boost For EPA Funding 
 President Joe Biden is seeking a 21% budget increase for the U.S. 
 Environmental Protection Agency and billions more for climate investments, a 
 dramatic reversal from the Trump administration, which consistently sought to 
 gut the agency's funding and largely ignored climate issues. 
 Read full article » 
 SECURITIES 
 Boat -Buying Ponzi Schemer Admits Luring Investors 
 A self-professed venture capitalist from Boston admitted Thursday to duping 
 investors with promises of easy, no-risk profits as part of a Ponzi-like fraud 
 scheme that prosecutors say netted him a powerboat. 
 Read full article » 
 MONEY LAUNDERING 
 Fed Asks Banks For Input On AML Risk Models 
 The Federal Reserve Board and a group of U.S. banking agencies asked the 
 nation's banks on Friday for input on how they use risk models to comply with 
 Bank Secrecy Act regulations, including models used to track and report 
 suspicious activities. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 HEALTH 
 Parents Want Wholesaler Sanctioned In Drug Death Suit 
 The parents of a woman who fatally overdosed on an Insys Therapeutics 
 opioid called on a New Jersey federal court Friday to sanction a 
 pharmaceutical wholesaler for allegedly deleting documents relevant to their 
 wrongful -death suit, saying they wasted time and money searching empty 
 hard drives. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Griesing Law 
 Hawkins Pamell 
 Haynes & Boone 
 Herrick Feinstein 
 Hinckley Allen 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Jackson Lewis P.C. 
 Jenner & Block 
 Jones Day 
 Joseph Saveri Law Firm 
 Kilpatrick Townsend 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Kossoff PLLC 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Lewis Brisbois 
 McKool Smith 
 Meltzer Lippe 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Morrison & Foerster 
 Mound Cotton 
 Mukasey Frenchman 
 Paul Weiss 
 Pierce Bainbridge 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Richards Layton 
 Rimon PC 
 Robins Kaplan 
 Rosenberg & Estis 
 Salvi Schostok 
 Schulte Roth 
 Sheppard Mullin 
 Smith Duggan 
 Stroock & Stroock 
 Thompson Hine 
 Wiggin and Dana 
 Wilmer Hale 
 Wilson Sonsini 
 Wolf Haldenstein 
 Young Conaway 
 COMPANIES 
 Activision Blizzard Inc. 
 American Bar Association 
 Apple Inc. 
 Associated Press 
 Bridgewater Associates LP 
 Brookfield Property Partners LP 
 CS Disco Inc. 
 Cable News Network Inc. 
 EFTA00032692
3 Reasons Securities Fraud Litigation Exposure Fell In Q1 
 Nessim Mezrahi and Stephen Sigrist at SAR analyze data on securities class 
 actions filed against public companies in the first quarter of 2021, and explore 
 factors that may have contributed to issuers facing their lowest exposure to 
 such claims in years. 
 Read full article » 
 What Associates Should Consider Before Switching Practices 
 The current high demand for midlevel associates provides them a rare 
 opportunity to potentially explore new practice areas, but associates should 
 fi rst ask themselves six questions to begin figuring out why a change sounds 
 appealing, says Stephanie Biderman at Major Lindsey. 
 Read full article » 
 Law360 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Holland & Knight, Thompson & Knight In Talks To Combine 
 BigLaw firms Holland & Knight and Thompson & Knight are discussing a 
 possible combination, a move that would form a practice with nearly 1,600 
 attorneys across 30 offices, firm leaders said Friday. 
 Read full article » 
 NY Fed. Judge Sandra Feuerstein Killed In Fla. Hit-And-Run 
 U.S. District Judge Sandra J. Feuerstein of the Eastern District of New York 
 was killed on Friday after being fatally struck by a vehicle in a hit and run 
 crash in Florida, authorities said. 
 Read full article » 
 Titan Of The Plaintiffs Bar: Salvi Schostok's Patrick A. Salvi 
 Almost 40 years after founding Salvi Schostok & Pritchard PC, and with more 
 than $1.5 billion in verdicts and settlements under his firm's belt, trial attorney 
 Patrick A. Salvi still loves few things more than the chance to argue for his 
 clients in court. 
 Read full article » 
 Law360's 2021 Legal Industry Editorial Board 
 Law360 is pleased to announce the formation of its 2021 Legal Industry 
 Editorial Advisory Board. 
 Read full article » 
 Bonus Spotlight 
 Baker Botts And MoFo Join Special Bonuses Action 
 Morrison & Foerster LLP and Baker Botts LLP are joining the dozens of major 
 U.S. law firms handing out special bonuses this year, according to reports 
 and details Law360 confirmed on Friday. 
 Read full article » 
 Biden Forms Commission To Study Supreme Court 'Reform' 
 President Joe Biden on Friday followed through on his plan to form an 
 outside commission to study possible reforms of the U.S. Supreme Court 
 amid progressive criticism of the court's conservative majority. The 
 "bipartisan" group includes former federal judges, high court advocates and 
 legal scholars. 
 Read full article » 
 Justices Won't Hear In-Person Args Until At Least Next Term 
 Cable -Satellite Public Affairs 
 Network 
 Dunkin' Brands Group Inc. 
 Dynex Capital Inc. 
 Early Warning Services LLC 
 Ernst & Young LLP 
 FedEx Corp. 
 Gallup Inc. 
 Georgetown University 
 Google Inc. 
 Halliburton Co. 
 Harvard University 
 Ironshore Inc. 
 JAMS Inc. 
 Lateral Link Group 
 LegalZoom.com Inc. 
 Linkedln Corp. 
 Major Lindsey & Africa LLC 
 Medley Management Inc. 
 Mobile TeleSystems OJSC 
 Morgan Stanley 
 Mozido LLC 
 NAACP Legal Defense and 
 Educational Fund Inc. 
 National Association for the 
 Advancement of Colored People 
 National LGBT Bar Association 
 Netflix Inc. 
 Oracle Corp. 
 Pacer International, Inc. 
 Papa John's International Inc. 
 PepsiCo Inc. 
 Rochester Drug Cooperative Inc. 
 Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. 
 Spotify Technology SA 
 State Street Corp. 
 The Allstate Corp. 
 The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 
 The New York Times Co. 
 University of Southern California 
 University of Virginia 
 Virage Capital Management LP 
 Wells Fargo & Co. 
 Wolters Kluwer 
 XPO Logistics Inc. 
 Yahoo! Inc. 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Centers for Disease Control and 
 Prevention 
 Chicago Department of Aviation 
 Delaware Court of Chancery 
 EFTA00032693
The U.S. Supreme Court announced Friday that it will continue to hear oral 
 arguments by telephone for the remainder of its current term. 
 Read full article » 
 Morgan Lewis Sues Pierce Bainbridge For $436K Unpaid Rent 
 Morgan Lewis & Bockius LLP has alleged in California state court that Pierce 
 Bainbridge PC and its predecessor firm owe nearly a year's worth of rent for 
 office space in a commercial building in downtown Los Angeles. 
 Read full article » 
 Wolf Haldenstein Sues NY Landlord For Breach Of Contract 
 Class action firm Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP is suing its 
 New York landlord over an alleged breach of contract, claiming that it has 
 failed to make building renovations required under a lease agreement and 
 that the firm has no obligation to pay base rent until those are near 
 completion. 
 Read full article » 
 Gibson Dunn, Recruiter Agree To Arbitrate Hiring Fees Dispute 
 A California judge Friday sent to arbitration Lateral Link Group Inc.'s suit 
 claiming Gibson Dunn & Crutcher LLP cheated it out of its recruiting 
 commission for the hire of a lateral partner, after the legal recruiting company 
 didn't oppose the law firm's motion. 
 Read full article » 
 Studio Can't Slip Gay Asst.'s Bias Suit Against Atty's Cos. 
 A California judge Friday overruled a bid by an attorney's dance studio to 
 escape a lawsuit brought against the lawyer and her companies by her gay 
 former legal assistant over claims the attorney's namesake firm didn't pay 
 him minimum wage, harassed him and wrongfully fired him after he informed 
 a superior he had HIV. 
 Read full article » 
 McCormick Picked As Bouchard's Del. Chancery Successor 
 Gov. John Carney nominated Vice Chancellor Kathaleen S. McCormick on 
 Friday to become the first woman to lead Delaware's nationally important 
 Chancery Court, replacing Chancellor Andre G. Bouchard, who is slated to 
 retire at the end of April after serving just short of seven years of a 12-year 
 term. 
 Read full article » 
 Departing Attys Taking Files Can Break Law, Mass. Court Says 
 Massachusetts' top court ruled Friday that attorneys who smuggle client files 
 out the door to start a new firm can be held liable for deceptive business 
 practices, even if they were still employed by their old firm at the time. 
 Read full article » 
 LegalZoom Hires Former Google Exec As Chief People Officer 
 LegalZoom announced that it has hired former Google executive Sheily 
 Chhabria Panchal to join the company as its new chief people officer. 
 Read full article » 
 GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week 
 Experts have urged general counsel to lean into innovation following a survey 
 that found significant challenges facing lawyers amid shrinking corporate 
 legal budgets, and the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in a decadelong case that 
 Google made fair use of Oracle's software. These are some of the stories in 
 corporate legal news you may have missed in the past week. 
 Read full article » 
 Executive Office for Immigration 
 Review 
 Executive Office of the President 
 Federal Bureau of Investigation 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. 
 Federal Judicial Center 
 Federal Reserve System 
 Financial Crimes Enforcement 
 Network 
 National Credit Union 
 Administration 
 New York Attorney General's Office 
 New York City Police Department 
 Office of the Comptroller of the 
 Currency 
 Texas Supreme Court 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
 Eastern District of New York 
 U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
 Northern District of California 
 U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
 Southern District of New York 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
 District of Columbia Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
 Second Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
 Seventh Circuit 
 U.S. Department of Homeland 
 Security 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of State 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Columbia 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Connecticut 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Maine 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Massachusetts 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 New Jersey 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of California 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of Texas 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of Florida 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. Environmental Protection 
 Agency 
 EFTA00032694
In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360 
 For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, stories and 
 expert analyses that generated the most buzz on Law360 last week. 
 Read full article » 
 Podcast 
 Pro Say: Google Wins 'Copyright Lawsuit Of The Decade' 
 For more than a decade, Google and Oracle have been duking it out over the 
 extent to which individual companies can control an important building block 
 of computer software code, with Google potentially on the hook for billions of 
 dollars in damages and the future of the technology industry seemingly at 
 stake. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 NYC ELITE FULL SERVICE SMALL FIRM 
 SEEKS PARTNERS 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York, New York 
 White Collar & Investigations -Associate 
 Attorney - Midlevel 
 Perkins Coie LLP 
 Seattle, Washington 
 Corporate Counsel 
 Amazon Deutschland Serves GmbH 
 Munich, Bayem 
 Elite NYC mid-sized FULL SERVICE law 
 firm seek WHITE COLLAR PARTNER 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York, New York 
 Legal Counsel - Digital & Devices 
 Amazon Deutschland Servcs GmbH 
 Berlin, Berlin 
 White Collar Litigation — Environmental 
 Shareholder 
 Beveridge & Diamond, P.C. 
 U.S. House of Representatives 
 U.S. Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 World Health Organization 
 Not suit if your film subscribes? Mk your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However, if you'd rather no receive future emails of this son. 
 pm may unsubsctibe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer swoon inquiries, please call + I -646-781.7ICO or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy I Cookie Policy 
 Law3601 Portfolio Media, Inc, Ill West 19th Street. Sth Floor, New York. NY ICOI I 
 EFTA00032695
From: (USANYS)" 
 aMMIE> 
 To: (USANYS)" cz=IMINE> 
 Subject: FW: Epstein Documents from BOP without Green Watermark 
 Date: Man, 12 Apr 2021 13:22:15 +0000 
 I think we have these, here: \ 
 From: (USANYS)
 Sent: Sunday, April 11, 202112:27 PM 
 To: (USANYS); 
 Subject: Epstein Documents from BOP without Green Watermark 
 and 
 (USANYS) 
 I recall that at some point you requested a version of the Epstein FOIA documents from BOP without the translucent 
 green watermark they put on the withheld documents. Do you have those saved down somewhere? Although the Court 
 has not put in a specific order yet, I think it's likely that we'll need to produce documents without the translucent green 
 marking to the Court. I have versions without the watermark for some of the docs, but it looks like not all. Do you have a 
 comprehensive set somewhere? 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 300 Quarropas Street 
 White Plains, NY 10601 
 Telephone: 
 EFTA00032696
From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com> 
 To: Nathan NYSD Chambers •ttl.> 
 Cc: 'S' c
 ila>, Christian Everdell 
 <CEverdell@CohenGresser.com>, Laura Menninger <Imenninger®Iunflaw.com>, "Jeff 
 Pagliuca" ipagliuca@hmflaw.com> 
 Subject: U.S. v. Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
 Date: Wed, 14 Apr 2021 01:05:31 +0000 
 Attachments: Ltr re_Marshall_Order.pdf; ATT00001.htm; Proposed_order_for_Marshal.pdf; 
 ATT00002.htm 
 Good evening-
 Please see the enclosed request and proposed order. 
 Thank you-
 Bobbi 
 EFTA00032697
From: ' 
 r
 To:' 
 r < 
 Subject: RE: Activity in Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB USA v. Epstein Status Conference 
 Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2019 20:52:44 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, July 8, 2019 4:52 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 ; 
 Subject: FW: Activity in Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB USA v. Epstein Status Conference 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 From: NYSD ECF Pookanysd.uscourts.gov <NYSD ECF Pool@nysd.uscourts.gov> 
 Sent: Monday, July 8, 2019 4:39 PM 
 To: CourtMail@nysd.uscourts.gov
 Subject: Activity in Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB USA v. Epstein Status Conference 
 This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CMIECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this 
 e-mail because the mail box is unattended. 
 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits 
 attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of 
 all documents filed electronically, if receipt is required by law or directed by the filer. PACER access fees 
 apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first 
 viewing. However, if the referenced document is a transcript, the free copy and 30 page limit do not apply. 
 U.S. District Court 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032698
Notice of Electronic Filing 
 The following transaction was entered on 7/8/2019 at 4:38 PM EDT and filed on 7/8/2019 
 Case Name: USA v. Epstein 
 Case Number: 1:19-cr-00490-RMB 
 Filer: 
 Document Number: No document attached 
 Docket Text: 
 Minute Entry for proceedings held before Jud e Richard M. Berman: Status Conference as to 
 Jeffrey Epstein held on 7/8/2019. AUSAs and' 
 present; Also present is Special Agent and Task Force Officer 
 Defendant present with attorneys Martin Weinberg, Reid Weingarten and Marc Fernich; US 
 Pretrial Officers and present; initial conference held; defense bail 
 submission is due on 7/11/19 at 12:00 noon; government reply by 7/12/19 at 5:00 pm; Bail 
 hearing is scheduled for 7/15/19 at 10:00 am; See transcript of proceedings held for a complete 
 record; Speedy trial time is excluded for the reasons set forth on the record from 7/8/19 to 
 7/15/19 pursuant to 18 USC 3161(h)(7)(A) and (B). (Bond Hearing set for 7/15/2019 at 10:00 AM 
 before Judge Richard M. Berman) (Court Reporter Tom Murray) (ap) 
 1:19-cr-00490-RMB-1 Notice has been electronically mailed to: 
 CaseView.ECFgusdoj.gov USANYS.ECF@USDOJ.GOV 
 CaseView.ECFgusdoigov, USANYS.ECF@USDOJ.GOV 
 CaseView.ECRieusdoigov, 
 USANYS.ECT0MSDOLGOV 
 1:19-er-00490-W11B-I Notice has been delivered by other means to: 
 EFTA00032699
From: 
 To:" 
 Cc: ir>"
 '1 
 Subject: Re - Epstein 
 Date: Tue, 09 Jul 2019 14:02:13 +0000 
 Hi M, 
 Are you still free for a call? 
 ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
 Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
 Miami, FL 33129 
 p 
 f. 
 e. 
 www.crimlawfirm.com 
 From:
 Date: Sunday. July 7. 2019 at 10:19 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Joe 
 Subject: Rh: - Epstein 
 )" 
 a 
 Sure, thanks — and yes, quite the weekend. If it's alright with you, let's do 10:00 a.m. on Tuesday — you can reach us at 
 or we can also call you then if that's easier, whatever you prefer. 
 thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Sunday, July 07, 2019 18:51 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: 
 Ili 
 c M> 
 - Epstein 
 No need to take any more time out of what I'm sure was a busy weekend for you. Let's set a time for Tuesday 
 morning (the earlier the better for me). Let me know what works for you. 
 Thanks, 
 EFTA00032700
This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not 
 disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-
 mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, 
 - -,.2 sender therefore • at liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this 
 yerification is regu. .lest a hard-copy version. 
 From: 1 < 
 Sent: Sunday, July 26, 2020 2:51 PM 
 To: Weinstein, Marc A. < ; Andrew Tomback 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: SDNY investigation 
 CAUTION: This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm. 
 Andy, Marc, 
 Following up on our recent discussions, please see the attached letter from our Office. 
 Regards, 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00031990
■ 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
 Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
 Miami Florida 33129 
 t. 
 f. 
 e. 
 www.crimlawfirm.com 
 On Jul 7, 2019, at 4:04 PM, wrote: 
 Thank you for reaching out, and we would be happy to schedule a time to speak with you. I expect our schedules may 
 be somewhat unpredictable tomorrow; would it work to set a time to talk on Tuesday? We can schedule it for before 
 you meet with Ms=, if that's helpful. Or if you'd like to talk sooner, we could schedule a time later today, or check in 
 tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in 
 touch. 
 thank you, 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 212.637.2415 
 From: 
 Sent: Saturday, July 06, 2019 22:55 
 To: 
 Subject: 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 - Epstein 
 From: 
 Date: July 6. 2019 at 10:51:09 PM EDT 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: - Epstein 
 Mr 
 My former artner, Alan Ross, re ttented prior to his passing in 
 2018. Ager served Ms with a grand jury subpoena earlier today, and as Alan's former 
 partner and FL Bar appointed inventory attorney, she has contacted me. Unfortunately, I am unable to meet 
 EFTA00032701
with her until Tuesday, but I would appreciate a few minutes of your time at your convenience as I am getting 
 up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
 Look forward to speaking with you. 
 Best, 
 Joe 
 ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
 Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
 Miami Florida 33129 
 www.crimlawfirm.com 
 EFTA00032702
From: (NY) 
 (FBI)" `11IME> 
 To: 
 (NY) 
 (FBI)" Cc: 
 Subject: Hotline update 
 Date: Wed, 10 Jul 2019 02:08:10 +0000 
 Attachments: HOTLINE_TRACICER_9PM_7.9.2019.xlsx 
 SSA 
 FBI New York 
 EFTA00032703
From: ' 
 To: Joe Nascimento < 
 Cc: 1 
 < 
 Subject: RE: ) - Epstein 
 Date: Wed, 10 Jul 2019 02:52:58 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: blank_proffer_agreement.pdf 
 Joe, 
 I think that should work, but let us confer internally and we'll circle back tomorrow morning. Meanwhile, attached please 
 find a blank copy of our standard proffer agreement. Please let us know if you have any questions, or if it would be useful 
 to talk again in the next day or two, and we'll be in touch. 
 thank you, 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 From: Joe Nascimento 
 Sent: Tuesday, July 09, 2019 22:50 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: - Epstein 
 Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
 Thanks, 
 Joe 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
 ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
 Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
 2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
 Miami Florida 33129 
 t. 
 f. 
 e. 
 www.crimlawfirm.com 
 On Jul 9, 2019, at 4:56 PM, 
 ) < 
 > wrote: 
 EFTA00032704
Joe, 
 We ended up slotting in a few things in the interim, but we're still good for 6:30 for sure. 
 thanks, 
 From: Joe Nascimento 
 Sent: Tuesday, July 09, 2019 16:43 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 sc=M >; 
 Subject: Re: ) - Epstein 
 Hi M, 
 I got done a little earlier today - do you want to bump up our call time? 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
 ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
 Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
 2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
 Miami Florida 33129 
 t. 
 f. 
 e. 
 www.crim law iirm.com 
 On Jul 9, 2019, at 10:02 AM, Joe Nascimento < 
 HIM, 
 Are you still free for a call? 
 Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
 ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
 Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
 2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue 
 Miami, FL 33129 
 p. 305-858-9550 
 f. 305-858-7491 
 e. 
 www.cri m law firm.com 
 From: " 
 Date: Sunday, July 7, 2019 at 10:19 PM 
 To: Joe Nascimento < 
 Cc: ' 
 wrote: 
 EFTA00032705
Subject: RE: 
 Joe, 
 ) - Epstein 
 Sure, thanks—and yes, quite the weekend. If it's alright with you, let's do 10:00 a.m. on Tuesday—you can reach us at 
 or we can also call you then if that's easier, whatever you prefer. 
 thanks, 
 From: Joe Nascimento 
 Sent: Sunday, July 07, 2019 18:51 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 ) 'c›; 
 Subject: Re: - Epstein 
 HIM, 
 No need to take any more time out of what I'm sure was a busy weekend for you. Let's set a time for Tuesday 
 morning (the earlier the better for me). Let me know what works for you. 
 Thanks, 
 Joe 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
 ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
 Lawyer's Plaza I 4th Floor 
 2250 S.W. 3S Avenue 
 Miami Florida 33129 
 t. 
 f. 
 e. 
 www.crimlawfirm.com 
 On Jul 7, 2019, at 4:04 PM, 
 Joe, 
 > wrote: 
 Thank you for reaching out, and we would be happy to schedule a time to speak with you. I expect our schedules 
 may be somewhat unpredictable tomorrow; would it work to set a time to talk on Tuesday? We can schedule it for 
 before you meet with if that's helpful. Or if you'd like to talk sooner, we could schedule a time later today, 
 or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look 
 forward to being in touch. 
 thank you, 
 EFTA00032706
Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 From: Joe Nascimento 
 Sent:  Saturday, July 06, 2019 22:55
 To: 
 Subject: ) - Epstein 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From:
 Date: Jul 6, 2019 at 10:51:09 PM EDT 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: - Epstein 
 My former partner, Alan Ross, re resente), prior to his passing in 
 2018. Agent serve with a grand jury subpoena earlier today, and as Alan's former 
 partner and FL Bar appointed inventory attorney, she has contacted me. Unfortunately, I am unable to meet 
 with her until Tuesday, but I would appreciate a few minutes of your time at your convenience as I am 
 getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
 Look forward to speaking with you. 
 Best, 
 Joe 
 Joseph E. Nascimento, Esq. 
 ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC 
 Lawyer's Plaza 14th Floor 
 2250 S.W. 3'A Avenue 
 Miami Florida 33129 
 t. 
 f. 
 e. 
 www.crimlawfirm.com 
 EFTA00032707
From: " 
 ' 
 To:" <11=IIIM> 
 Cc:"
 It I 
 Subject: Re: additional contact info for Epstein 
 Date: Wed, 10 Jul 2019 11:24:06 +0000 
 imagel.jpeg; image2.jpeg 
 These 2 photos are taken of the identifying markers associated with the iPad recovered from him by customs. 
 EFTA00032708
iPad 
 FCC ID:BCA1652 IC 579C A155:: 
 EFTA00032709
;!••••• ". • • 
 - • " • • ;•••••;•• 
 • 4•15•fl.••; eaf • 
 4(. 4: z....14.
 ..,i,';#.,v‘ A i ..e.it t • ;;I..t.,
 :` 
 `i 
 :..,••••:, • tt..? •••4 4:•.4••‘' • :A,: 
 e 
 .4 ;cote?. 
 .w e
 4E: '-;:" - 
 .• •••:f 
 ...3.1,-•••••? •.v),!•11'•••‘; - 4: '4' 
 ?T
 sa i ; i • .4 et:sr:Ay ::dr•ii.;...?; ‘.••••: .• b.1
 •••••" ; e,I t t ..;• ilr:: 1/43.•,(.4-..itt••••••• 5 se, ;,,y, ,. ..,;• 
 . . , . 
 t e e" %O.,: .- Itil.,••%-...7,..4,4: myfrni....m.....20 e .,,.......„.., . . 
 y t: :: $ :•'-et
 •
 7.:: f.:,:.•';'.... .... 
 An - 4 4' .. ../ t*,.• ••.1 - ::.: ,Z, . :. .14 •
 :J
 % 7 .
 .,t,f1.-.. 1 1. ,: nt,/ tii. ::: n7.2% :1..1:.4- '..71:1iii:': ' 
 4-t
 elr. 
 e.;pn.;--pvt•ta..A.t.1.:- ::.?.
 .v7•''', i 0'; rii ., e... ... ., 
 ...-•••:-. ,,.
 el ,,,, ....i , , , ,, t ,.......--.. .... 0.,......„-,., -.  
 -:.-..h,,._..:,..... AAP••
 ...,„: „ 
 „,...
 .....,„,....„„......,...: .....1/4 . '.• 0..4.4 . .:1 • ., ., l'.....:::: . 
 :.'20 . Z .• .4... ..:
 ;;;,. itt.„7ti
 :i li4....: rert
 .. :C . .. - - ir. •'. 4 . ...s . i „.... il 1.
 „;• :::.,... ...
 ;,
 •_••• 
 ;.:4:t tc-.
 ,•• ..
 a•,- cck., .... ...if w
 :•,::7,... • .-!•:,,..• :;.. A
 ,♦
 . t:e .,••!..,.... • 
 !-...*:•••1.f.'-cveric:.>•.,. 
 ,,..1. •
 ••-
 ::::.•,:::,.-- - f:• : • est.. -,••:•4 be -
 zi:::•.••••":"... -• ••• -. .S:f f.;:: a- 3' • Cif': t.i74
 /..' - .. 4 e:il't
 to".1;%Cli.it, 
 ;:•.*:;?..4•4•.: :; ;: e ,1
 .::;./?,-;':f.:5:••: : :,:z a:I:it  c:,,•:,. "••:: '. 
 ••••••••;::•11 4 :.: .41.:• • •,-
 .!1:::?,;:••.• 
 a. .t. ,..
 8 .- 4t *47.• .?•;•
 '...`4  V •*. 4" ' - -'0  .*\"
 :4' ' '''' t `' 4 
 •%•:.; .."41.4
 i l..;•;• *. V •••* IP :Yrs.
 : . • ‘ 
 • V• ..• .4. 2p.)
 „.•• 4.•p p.: ,,....e 
 „rt.,•. -. - ,. •..t • : A••• l'",,••• • . • 4 . . . • frip. ▪ .i. ), • .. - ....t 44 d •• . 
 It Ar.. ".! ...;i•v • '• .7;"*.
 /Zri .....i 
 :4?:f•-;:r.r.,;%.; •••;;,7-1.
 4 ..••.....
 •
 .-..• .. 
 I f 
 r
 •
 1 :• •••......!
 --
 its...."••.\,• ••1
 ' P. 
 •• • • 
 •.. •• • •• •ad.• •• 
 S IN .0 • • •:••••••••• V ; f:•• •••• 1
 .4.•
 ••• • .. • 4 , •• . • • - •• • • ••• ? a; 
 erst• 4 . 
 , .. • • ‘. 
 •.).-•-. 4. .••, 
 ipt...r..1..... •:‘ •..• • 41 i sal • ' , ' .„ • i 4 .4\ 
 ...• ' . •'• • '. • fl••• r. 4.1 . • • 
 15. .4."•:!
 .. "•‘ .. 11/4 C.•27‘.
 ••
 •:. ‘..• .....•
 ••.1.:• •••4 ••• 
 ••%CAl% in\ • •.?• 4 
 Silly. 
 • t'ie' .. • • 
 .• tr . P.. ••• ; -1. 
 • alik .. 'T.,/ , .• 1 ...• 0: • 1••i• el; .i.ds.
 ..,. ...„:., ..", .4,- .- • . 
 s s • Is ...., 1., . . 
 7;,..i :• •••• 4. •-•:•:s. 44411. p• ;ni  • • .4.6 at • • 
 t.. 
 s. a - 
 • • *•;,•;:••• i syy..lesit :... O..,:.;:-..• .A.:.",...i,,,i ••- ...;•-.1 4-?....•....... 
 ... ,... .. , ....... , :4 , a% •-: :. . ; • , 
 ryry
 ... v• . a ••7 • ....1, . -O. !•• ‘.. - :. .• ' •*1......t.'....••• 'O.' 1%. • • 7 
 • A •• • 
 .0.1. • i, r....•-•-•••1....s•- •-..)••••`•-••;:::11 ••.}!:•••:i.? sp.-al.-a...40- ... - cif : -.... 
 \ '''''. *•.::: 7 .47 - ,••• -*IA • 4 1 06 •••• '• - r a...," • . 
 .n. Ai •,-....•.1, 44 ,...`P: ,--rft •:•,:i -kin: I" i'. ,14.. . • .44s*J• , 4' ,•.• 
 • 2•3•••••.•i •.. • f' •• 
 • • • s 1 1:•••.74.41 • 4,, . P.,....t ;en; . r. • s Ito. 4, „,,,f .
 1 4t s ,• •:, • q •;•fr is -••••' ••••• /1:" • . ti t.P.: . A.7.• •••••• • ''' ‘*r -• • 
 ••;•• 1.;.
 ••••: • V• 
 ••' 
 ••,
 •.11:4"Ales ...
 4-.4416. AV til 
 ....7.- ! '  ..
 e... I. 
 41;,11;-
 i. .. - tr";/. 11 4 * . e 
 •♦ 
 f• .20,0.% • /:•••• v• tir..> 4„.••rc‘.1.4.;);. ..41?•. ,_.; ...;..;:; • ...1."..".: .;$ z...:
 .. .„0„...J,./ .i.e.....: .„,:-..,42 , f. , • •- ..)... 
 .E.•• - a 84: t, :ikre C"''''' 
 • .. 
 li r 1
 (;fillt: 7;2:15 ".S.?.. r Al135 0 
 Ii . 4.. 7), a •S• : • tint ... • 1.• . •-•-• ..% 
 - ,...°3;->...,1 1. ? . ..; 5 ? 1 1e : :" . k - rt 
 .. ... .,. .. ,.......4 scurre •Nu-s-,:. i:.D000 
 75 44: qg i 
 ,i±et
 tliinci f 4 , , 
 .....-.....-re,„ 
 4:14*.i.. -• • ic • 
 0 5 1 13 
 . e'ecjit,•...ii..e4iSe
 : 1 41 1 . %
 ..:.,......, :ir •...,., 
 ..1%-ff.
 .:•‘:'• 
 :;...... et•
 er ; 
 4: 4 6„4-4414 7 4,%. : ,. 
 , . 
 t• • 
 .•:-ti• •••, • _. 
 • 4 ••••?: ; • • 
 • • -n4a - • alt: • • • 
 •••••i••• 4.1P.4
 4: 4 !tit 
 VP,41.0.1:-:%•••4 Z.,. • p . -.4 .4t, 
 • 10; 
 •411p.t.41,1•••••So *4
 •?.., v , • .4, 4 
 - ,•si t
 ys.w....4 
 t 
 4-51::::r: 
 .gizerXkliMe Kitel 
 si :11‘: --4••:•: • 
 %:°•••ti; 14t
 e t 
 'If ;S
 t 
 * - 
 w 'm 
 •  
 x.:4•4S.). 1,4t 
 el;; 
 !air a 
 • et• t 
 • 44 ;.• 
 g>2.3 1 t trf.1•45.,,t-V- • • sliet•sr:olcs • • - v. • 
 ‘,:•• litri:ewleastiimcbtles• ,„:. 
 1• 4 4. : ..4•4 1 : ,••••:•_4.• tei: • %Fa % ;Ir 
 -1„-.••14;., , . 
 ts Ce. 43-tt:jj.:.% 
 • 
 •
 • 73;14, ••••1... 
 eg • . plea-1:Ct frai 
 itfg.4•Aili icil..I 1:•44•411;• 
 ro Cop, AP 
 • • Th:• ••••• 44 • 
 4 / 4 
 f e t t e /4 . :
 ! A i 4 
 l e t • 
 • ; 
 t;e 0 1 4 4:41 
 ti 
 •• /it 
 ; :aai•• 
 • ▪ -• 
 EFTA00032710
Preliminary Statement 
 The issue before the Court, as it has been since Ms. Maxwell's first bail application, 
 is whether conditions exist that can reasonably assure Ms. Maxwell's appearance at trial. 
 On her third application (the "Third Bail Motion") (Dkt.I60), Ms. Maxwell has put before 
 the Court significant enhancements to the already extraordinary bail package previously 
 presented to the Court in her renewed application for bail (the "Second Bail Motion") 
 (Dkt. 97),I Together, these two motions present a unique and comprehensive bail package 
 with the strictest of conditions known in any bail application: 
 • $28.5 million in bonds (including a $IM bond co-signed by a security 
 company); 
 • $9.5 million in real property; 
 • $550,000 in cash; 
 • Asset Monitoring by a retired federal district court judge; 
 • Renunciation of British and French citizenship; 
 • Irrevocable written waivers of the right to contest extradition; 
 • Surrender of all travel documents; 
 • Nome confinement in Ncw York City; 
 • 
 Electronic GPS monitoring; 
 • In-residence third-party custodian;2
 • On-premises 24/7 private security to prevent Ms. Maxwell from leaving the 
 Ms. Maxwell's present motion (the "Third Bail Motion") (Dkt.160) incorporates her Memorandum in Support of 
 Ha Renewed Motion for Bail and accompanying exhibits (Dkt. 97, including Attachments 1-24) and her Reply 
 Memorandum in Support of Her Renewed Motion for Bail (Dkt. 103, including Attachments 1-2) (collectively, the 
 "Second Bail Motion"). 
 2 To assist Ms. Maxwell in making up for lost time preparing for her upcoming trial, one of her lawyers (not trial 
 counsel) has agreed to reside with her and serve as an additional residential custodian. 
 EFTA00031919
From: ' 
 To: ' 
 (USANYS)" 
 ci 
 (USANYS)"  
 Subject: RE: Epstein Document Collection 
 Date: Fri, 24 Jul 2020 16:32:37 +0000 
 Yes! 
 From: (USANYS)<> 
 Sent: Friday, July 24, 2020 12:32 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Subject: FW: Epstein Document Collection 
 Does 2 or 3 work for you? 
 From: (OPR) < 
 Sent: Friday, July 24, 2020 11:45 AM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) < (OPR) 
 Subject: RE: Epstein Document Collection 
 I. - 
 Happy to talk today (or early next week if you prefer). Ring me anytime at , or we can schedule a call. 
 Counsel 
 Office of Professional Responsibility 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 From: (USANYS) c 
 Sent: Friday, July 24, 2020 10:13 AM 
 To: (OPR) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: Epstein Document Collection 
 cfl 
 (OPR) 
 — We understand you've been overseeing and handling OPR's review of the 2008 Non-prosecution 
 Agreement between SDFL and Jeffrey Epstein. As you likely know, our Office has been conducting its own investigation of 
 Epstein and his associates, and we recently charged one of Epstein's co-conspirators, Ghislaine Maxwell. 
 We are just beginning the process of producing discovery in that case, and we were hoping to touch base with you on 
 document collection. In particular, we understand OPR gathered a significant volume of material, including internal 
 emails and the like, regarding the prior SDFL investigation (, I think our team may have reached out to you directly at 
 various points over the past year on that subject is well). We have not yet decided to what extent we have an obligation 
 to gather or review that material in connection this case, but to facilitate our consideration of those issues, it would 
 EFTA00031991
On Jul 10, 2019, at 00:30, wrote: 
 our bosses are asking us if we have any better info now about any current phone numbers and/or emails 
 tor Epstein, with the hope of getting tolls, subscriber info, heading info, etc. if we can. 
 In connection with the arrest, did he provide any current contact info? And what was the number for the cell phone that 
 was seized, if we know (and if we don't, could you please send the IMEI and any other identifying or registration 
 numbers)? Thanks very much. 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032711
From: Kate Tuckley <Kate.Tuckley((pdfca.org.uk> 
 To: "1 (USANYS)'" 
 Cc: Mark Steward <Mark.Steward fca.o .uk 
 , Kelly 
 Eldred <Kelly.Eldred®fca.org.uk>, "Harry Caldecott" <Harry.Caldecott®fca.org.uk> 
 Subject: RE: Confidential & Urgent 
 Date: Thu, 28 Nov 2019 16:09:52 +0000 
 Thanks ■ speak shortly 
 From: (USANYS) [mailto: 
 Sent: 28 November 2019 15:57 
 To: Kate Tuckley <Kate.Tuckley@fca.org.uk> 
 Cc: Mark Steward <Mark.Steward@fca.org.uk>; Cowley, Jason (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) ; Kelly Eldred <Kelly.Eldred@fca.org.uk>; Harry Caldecott 
 <Harry.Caldecott@fca.org.uk> 
 Subject: Re: Confidential & Urgent 
 To allow a few of my colleagues to join, can we instead use a dial in: 
 Thanks, and talk soon. Ted 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Nov 28, 2019, at 10:31 AM, Kate Tuckley <Kate.Tuckley@fca.org.uk> wrote: 
 Great much appreciated thanks 
 From: (USANYS) [mailto: 
 Sent: 28 November 2019 15:30 
 To: Kate Tuckley <Kate.Tuckley@fca.org.uk> 
 Cc: Mark Steward <Mark.Steward@fca.org.uk>; 
 (USANYS) ; Kelly Eldred <Kelly.Eldred@fca.org.uk>; Harry Caldecott 
 <Harry.Caldecott@fca.org.uk> 
 Subject: Re: Confidential & Urgent 
 Okay, please call my cell: 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Nov 28, 2019, at 10:25 AM, Kate Tuckley <Kate.Tuckley@fca.org.uk> wrote: 
 EFTA00032712
Hi El 
 I have spoken to Mark's business support and he is available at 4.15pm (UK time) today (ie in just 
 under an hour's time). It is quite urgent so if we could speak then it would be greatly appreciated. 
 If that does work please let us know what number to call you on? 
 Many thanks 
 From: (USANYS) [mailto: 
 Sent: 28 November 201914:53 
 To: Mark Steward <Mark.Steward@fca.org.uk> 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Tuckley <Kate.Tuckley@fca.org.uk>; Kelly Eldred <Kelly.Eldred@fca.org.uk>; Harry Caldecott 
 <Harry.Caldecott@fca.org.uk> 
 Subject: Re: Confidential & Urgent 
 ; Kate 
 Hi Mark - Thanks for reaching out. We do have an active investigation and would be happy to talk. As you likely know, 
 today is a holiday in the US. Is this something we could discuss on Monday or is it more urgent than that? Thanks, Ted 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Nov 28, 2019, at 9:28 AM, Mark Steward <Mark.Steward@fca.org.uk> wrote: 
 Dears Can I ask whether this is still an active matter ? if so, I wonder if we could speak 
 when it is convenient. 
 Cheers 
 Mark Steward 
 Executive Director 
 Enforcement and Market Oversight 
 <image001.png> 
 12 Endeavour Square 
 London 
 E20 lJN 
 Tel: +44 (0)20 7066 1600 
 www.fca.org.uk
 Follow us: 
 <imagcoo2.enga. 
 <imagcoo3.enga. 
 Private Secretary: Harry Caldecott (harry.caldecott@fca.orgA0
 Personal Assistant: Kelly Eldred A(kly.eldredafca.org.uk)
 From 
 Sent: 28 November 2019 14:25 
 To: Mark Steward <Mark.Steward@fca.org.uk>; (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: Kate Tuckley <Kate.Tuckley@fca.org.uk>; Kelly Eldred <Kelly.Eldred@fca.org.uk>; Harry Caldecott 
 <Harry.Caldecott@fca.org.uk> 
 Subject: Re: Confidential & Urgent 
 EFTA00032713
Looping in They run our unit and oversee the Epstein case. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Nov 28, 2019, at 8:30 AM, Mark Steward <Mark.Steward@fca.org.uk> wrote: 
 Hi 
 Can you let me know, urgently, whether anyone in your office is handling the investigation into 
 Jeffery Epstein, especially anything in relation to JP Morgan (he was a client of their private wealth 
 division) and, if so, who, as we need to have a chat. If this is not in SDNY, do you know who is 
 handling ongoing work into Mr E's world ? 
 Cheers 
 Mark Steward 
 Executive Director 
 Enforcement and Market Oversight 
 <image001.png> 
 12 Endeavour Square 
 London 
 201J N
 Tel: +44 (0)20 7066 1600 
 www.fca.org.uk
 Follow us: 
 <imaccoo2.ma 
 <imaccoo3.ma
 Private Secretary: Harry Caldecott (harry.caldecottgaca.ore.uk)
 Personal Assistant: Kelly Eldred Icly.eldred@fca.org.uki
 This communication and any attachments may contain personal information. For more information about how and 
 why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: 
 FCA Privacy Notice (lps://www.fca.org.uk/data-protection) and PSR Privacy Notice 
 (https://www.psnorg.uk/cookies-privacy-and-data-protection).
 This communication and any attachments contain information which is confidential and may be subject to legal 
 privilege. It is for intended recipients only. If you are not the intended recipient you must not copy, distribute, 
 publish, rely on or otherwise use it without our consent. Some of our communications may contain confidential 
 information which it could be a criminal offence for you to disclose or use without authority. If you have received 
 this email in error please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. 
 Further information on the classification and handling of FCA information can be found on the FCA website 
 (http://www.fca.org.uk/site-info/legal/fca-classified-information).
 The FCA (or, if this email originates from the Payment Systems Regulator Limited, the FCA on behalf of the Payment 
 Systems Regulator Limited / the Payment Systems Regulator Limited) reserves the right to monitor all email 
 communications for compliance with legal, regulatory and professional standards. 
 This email is not intended to nor should it be taken to create any legal relations or contractual relationships. This 
 email has originated from the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), or the Payment Systems Regulator Limited. 
 EFTA00032714
The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) is registered as a limited company in England and Wales No. 1920623. 
 Registered office: 12 Endeavour Square, Stratford, London, E20 UN, United Kingdom 
 The Payment Systems Regulator Limited is registered as a limited company in England and Wales No. 8970864. 
 Registered office: 12 Endeavour Square, Stratford, London, E20 UN, United Kingdom 
 Switchboard 020 7066 1000 
 Web Site http://www.fca.org.uk (FCA); http://www.psnorg.uk (the Payment Systems Regulator Limited) 
 This communication and any attachments may contain personal information. For more information about how and 
 why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: 
 FCA Privacy Notice (https://www.fca.org.uk/data-protection) and PSR Privacy Notice 
 (https://www.psnorg.uk/cookies-privacy-and-data-protection). 
 This communication and any attachments contain information which is confidential and may be subject to legal 
 privilege. It is for intended recipients only. If you are not the intended recipient you must not copy, distribute, 
 publish, rely on or otherwise use it without our consent. Some of our communications may contain confidential 
 information which it could be a criminal offence for you to disclose or use without authority. If you have received this 
 email in error please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further 
 information on the classification and handling of FCA information can be found on the FCA website 
 (http://www.fca.org.uk/site-info/legal/fca-classified-information). 
 The FCA (or, if this email originates from the Payment Systems Regulator Limited, the FCA on behalf of the Payment 
 Systems Regulator Limited / the Payment Systems Regulator Limited) reserves the right to monitor all email 
 communications for compliance with legal, regulatory and professional standards. 
 This email is not intended to nor should it be taken to create any legal relations or contractual relationships. This 
 email has originated from the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), or the Payment Systems Regulator Limited. 
 The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) is registered as a limited company in England and Wales No. 1920623. 
 Registered office: 12 Endeavour Square, Stratford, London, E20 UN, United Kingdom 
 The Payment Systems Regulator Limited is registered as a limited company in England and Wales No. 8970864. 
 Registered office: 12 Endeavour Square, Stratford, London, E20 UN, United Kingdom 
 Switchboard 020 7066 1000 
 Web Site http://www.fca.org.uk (FCA); http://www.psr.org.uk (the Payment Systems Regulator Limited) 
 This communication and any attachments may contain personal information. For more information about how and 
 why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: FCA 
 Privacy Notice (https://www.fca.org.uk/data-protection) and PSR Privacy Notice (https://www.pscorg.uk/cookies-
 privacy-and-data-protection). 
 This communication and any attachments contain information which is confidential and may be subject to legal 
 privilege. It is for intended recipients only. If you are not the intended recipient you must not copy, distribute, publish, 
 rely on or otherwise use it without our consent. Some of our communications may contain confidential information 
 which it could be a criminal offence for you to disclose or use without authority. If you have received this email in error 
 please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further information on 
 the classification and handling of FCA information can be found on the FCA website (http://www.fca.org.uk/site-
 info/legal/fca-classified-information). 
 The FCA (or, if this email originates from the Payment Systems Regulator Limited, the FCA on behalf of the Payment 
 EFTA00032715
Systems Regulator Limited / the Payment Systems Regulator Limited) reserves the right to monitor all email 
 communications for compliance with legal, regulatory and professional standards. 
 This email is not intended to nor should it be taken to create any legal relations or contractual relationships. This email 
 has originated from the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), or the Payment Systems Regulator Limited. 
 The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) is registered as a limited company in England and Wales No. 1920623. 
 Registered office: 12 Endeavour Square, Stratford, London, E20 UN, United Kingdom 
 The Payment Systems Regulator Limited is registered as a limited company in England and Wales No. 8970864. 
 Registered office: 12 Endeavour Square, Stratford, London, E20 1.IN, United Kingdom 
 Switchboard 020 7066 1000 
 Web Site http://www.fca.org.uk (FCA); http://www.psr.org.uk (the Payment Systems Regulator Limited) 
 This communication and any attachments may contain personal information. For more information about how and why 
 we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: FCA Privacy 
 Notice (https://www.fca.org.uk/data-protection) and PSR Privacy Notice (https://www.psr.org.uk/cookies-privacy-and-
 data-protection). 
 This communication and any attachments contain information which is confidential and may be subject to legal 
 privilege. It is for intended recipients only. If you are not the intended recipient you must not copy, distribute, publish, 
 rely on or otherwise use it without our consent. Some of our communications may contain confidential information 
 which it could be a criminal offence for you to disclose or use without authority. If you have received this email in error 
 please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further information on the 
 classification and handling of FCA information can be found on the FCA website (http://wwl.v.fca.org.uk/site-
 info/legal/fca-classified-information). 
 The FCA (or, if this email originates from the Payment Systems Regulator Limited, the FCA on behalf of the Payment 
 Systems Regulator Limited / the Payment Systems Regulator Limited) reserves the right to monitor all email 
 communications for compliance with legal, regulatory and professional standards. 
 This email is not intended to nor should it be taken to create any legal relations or contractual relationships. This email 
 has originated from the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), or the Payment Systems Regulator Limited. 
 The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) is registered as a limited company in England and Wales No. 1920623. Registered 
 office: 12 Endeavour Square, Stratford, London, E20 1.IN, United Kingdom 
 The Payment Systems Regulator Limited is registered as a limited company in England and Wales No. 8970864. 
 Registered office: 12 Endeavour Square, Stratford, London, E20 1.IN, United Kingdom 
 Switchboard 020 7066 1000 
 Web Site http://www.fca.org.uk (FCA); http://www.psr.org.uk (the Payment Systems Regulator Limited) 
 This communication and any attachments may contain personal information. For more information about how 
 and why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy 
 notices: FCA Privacy Notice (https://www.fca.org.uk/data-protection) and PSR Privacy Notice 
 (https://www.psr.org.ukkookies-privacy-and-data-protection). 
 This communication and any attachments contain information which is confidential and may be subject to legal 
 privilege. It is for intended recipients only. If you are not the intended recipient you must not copy, distribute, 
 publish, rely on or otherwise use it without our consent. Some of our communications may contain confidential 
 EFTA00032716
information which it could be a criminal offence for you to disclose or use without authority. If you have 
 received this email in error please notify postmaster@fca.org.ulc immediately and delete the email from your 
 computer. Further information on the classification and handling of FCA information can be found on the FCA 
 website (http://www.fca.org.uk/site-infoRegalffca-classified-information). 
 The FCA (or, if this email originates from the Payment Systems Regulator Limited, the FCA on behalf of the 
 Payment Systems Regulator Limited / the Payment Systems Regulator Limited) reserves the right to monitor all 
 email communications for compliance with legal, regulatory and professional standards. 
 This email is not intended to nor should it be taken to create any legal relations or contractual relationships. This 
 email has originated from the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), or the Payment Systems Regulator Limited. 
 The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) is registered as a limited company in England and Wales No. 1920623. 
 Registered office: 12 Endeavour Square, Stratford, London, E20 IJN, United Kingdom 
 The Payment Systems Regulator Limited is registered as a limited company in England and Wales No. 8970864. 
 Registered office: 12 Endeavour Square, Stratford, London, E20 IJN, United Kingdom 
 Switchboard 020 7066 1000 
 Web Site http://www.fca.org.uk (FCA); http://www.psr.org.uk (the Payment Systems Regulator Limited) 
 EFTA00032717
From: " 
 To: ' 
 (USANYS)" 
 It 
 II 
 Cc: (USANYS)" cMIMIMIN> 
 Subject: Fwd: Epstein Probate 
 Date: Mon, 02 Dec 2019 20:23:13 +0000 
 Attachments: 11.14.2019.001_Expedited_Motion_for_the_Establishment_of Voluntary_Claims.pdf; 
 ATT00001.htm 
 Have you guys had a chance to put together a Rule 6(e) application yet? If not, can we try to get that done this 
 week? 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: ' (USANYS)" 
 Date: Dccembcr 2 2019 at 3:17:15 PM EST 
 Cc: (USANYta> 
 To: USANYS)" 
 Subject: Epstein Probate 
 Hi 
 The U.S. Virgin Islands court has recently posted on its website the petition that was filed in the Epstein probate 
 proceedings seeking establishment of a victim claims fund. The petition seeks "expedited approval" from the court to 
 establish the fund, though no timeline is specified. (It is attached, if of interest.) If approved, estate assets would be 
 used to pay for administering the fund, and deadlines would be set for victims to file their claims if they wish to 
 participate. 
 There was over a week's delay between when the petition was filed with the court and when the court posted the 
 petition on its public page for "cases of interest" That page is not an official case docket, though it has at least select 
 filings from the probate case (though I cannot tell if all filings are being posted). It would obviously be preferable if we 
 had contemporaneous access to a complete docket, but we haven't been able to find a way to access an online 
 complete docket. We're inclined to call the Virgin Islands court to ask whether there's a way to access a full electronic 
 docket, but we wanted to check whether you have concerns before we do so (we doubt we would need to identify 
 ourselves). Let us know your thoughts. 
 Belatedly, what's the status of the 6(e) order? 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 86 Chambers Street, 3rd Floor 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032718
Tel.: 
 Fax: 
 EFTA00032719
From: 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: Press Question (Ghislaine Maxwell Trial) 
 Date: Fri, 22 Oct 2021 15:34:47 +0000 
 Inline-Images: image001.jpg: image002.jpg 
 I'll respond, thanks. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Oct 22, 2021, at 11:26 AM, 
 Passing this on. 
 From: Thrapp, Jacklyn 
 Sent: Friday, October 22, 2021 11:18 AM 
 To: 
 I<E > ; 
 > wrote: 
 (USANYS) 
 Subject: [EXTERNAL] Press Question (Ghislaine Maxwell Trial) 
 Hello, 
 I'm a reporter for the National Enquirer covering the trial of Ghislaine Maxwell. I heard won't be called 
 to the stand during the trial. 
 Is this true? And if so, can you elaborate on why, if possible. 
 Thanks 
 JACKI THRAPP 
 REPORTER 
 THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER 
 <image001.jpg≥ 
 <image002.jpg> 
 EFTA00032720
extremely helpful for us to have a better sense of the universe of materials that may exist and that you may have collected 
 as part of your review. 
 If you have some time later today or early next week for a call, please let us know. 
 Thanks, 
 Chief, Public Corruption Unit 
 U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
 Southern District of New York 
 Tel. 
 EFTA00031992
From: in" alMIE> 
 To: 'SS)" a, (USANYS)" 
 Cc: ir I
 Subject: MIL opps - Daubert 
 Date: Fri, 22 Oct 2021 19:39:14 +0000 
 Attachments: Daubert_v3.docx 
 (USANYS)" 
 Had 
 Attached is a draft response to their Daubert motion. You'll see some blue highlighting where we're waiting for 
 information from our expert. 
 As we mentioned earlier, we're planning to get you additional motions in trenches in the next few days, but this is the 
 most complicated one and we need lead time before we can talk to our expert (if needed), so we wanted to get your 
 comments on this first. 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 Saint Andrews Plaza 
 New York, New York 10007 
 EFTA00032721
From: ' 
 To: MIMIlairls....1YS" 
 Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
 Date: Wed, 16 Jun 2021 14:37:07 +0000 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM < 
 Date: June 16, 2021 at 10:23:09 AM EDT 
 To: Sophia Papapetru 
 Cc: ' 
 Subject: (Atha:tine Maxwell 02879-509 
 , Christian Everdell 
 Good morning-
 As reported yesterday, the modifications made in the VTC room 
 are negatively impacting attorney-client communication. 
 The video is blurry; the audio includes distorting noises. 
 I am requesting that these problems be remedied immediately. 
 Also, I am bringing to your attention the inappropriate behavior of the 
 guards presently on Ms. Maxwell's detail: threatening discipline if 
 Ms. Maxwell is "off camera" while leaning against a wall to soothe her aching 
 back; barking orders regarding the noise emanating from the washing machine 
 and the pace of her gait when walking; laughing amongst themselves as if any of this is funny. 
 The manner in which some of the guards responded to me on Sunday gives me reason to be concerned 
 about how they treat Ms. Maxwell when out of public view. 
 The courtesy of a response is requested. 
 Thank you-
 Bobbi 
 BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 New York, NY 10011 
 Main: 
 Cell: 
 Fax: 
 "Covid-19 Notice: The office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely. 
 Please use entail or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
 EFTA00032722
We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation. 
 Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being. 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
 that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
 If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
 If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
 then delete this message. Thank you. 
 EFTA00032723
From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM  
 To: 
 Cc: "  
 >, Christian Everdell 
 Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
 Date: Wed, 16 Jun 2021 14:23:01 +0000 
 Good morning-
 As reported yesterday, the modifications made in the VTC room 
 are negatively impacting attorney-client communication. 
 The video is blurry; the audio includes distorting noises. 
 I am requesting that these problems be remedied immediately. 
 Also, I am bringing to your attention the inappropriate behavior of the 
 guards presently on Ms. Maxwell's detail: threatening discipline if 
 Ms. Maxwell is "off camera" while leaning against a wall to soothe her aching 
 back; barking orders regarding the noise emanating from the washing machine 
 and the pace of her gait when walking; laughing amongst themselves as if any of this is funny. 
 The manner in which some of the guards responded to me on Sunday gives me reason to be concerned 
 about how they treat Ms. Maxwell when out of public view. 
 The courtesy of a response is requested. 
 Thank you-
 Bobbi 
 BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 New York, NY 10011 
 Main: 
 Cell: 
 Fax: 
 "Covid-19 Notice: The office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely. 
 Please use entail or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
 We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation. 
 Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being. 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
 If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
 If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
 then delete this message. Thank you. 
 EFTA00032724
From: ' (USANYS)" 
 ci 
 To: ' (USANYS)"  
 Cc: ' (USANYS)"  
 Subject: RE: Question re AJN/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 Date: Wed, 16 Jun 2021 14:53:25 +0000 
 Attachments: Ex._C_Sealed.pdf 
 From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Wednesday, June 16, 2021 10:40 AM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Question re AJN/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 Can I see our original application to Judge Sweet? And I assume there was no transcript before Judge S? 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 15, 2021 5:45 PM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 Cc: I (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Question re AJN/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 In the spirit of completeness, I'm also attaching their replies. 
 From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 15, 2021 5:20 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: Re: Question re AJN/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 < 
 >; 
 Goodness! 
 Associate U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 On Jun 15, 2021, at 5:06 PM, 
 (USANYS) < 
 (USANYS) < 
 (USANYS) < wrote: 
 She filed 12 (!!) separate MOLs as a way to evade the Court's page limits. Defense attorneys have started doing that 
 over the last few years. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 15, 2021 4:25 PM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 EFTA00032725
Cc: (USANYS) <I>; 
 Subject: RE: Question re AJN/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 (USANYS) < 
 Dumb Q: why does Maxwell have two memos of law? 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 15, 2021 2:19 PM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 Cc: (USANYS) <M>; 
 Subject: RE: Question re AJN/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 (USANYS) < 
 Per our discussion, I am attaching: (1) Maxwell's two briefs raising the suppression argument; (2) the transcript of the 
 McMahon proceedings and her opinion (Ex D, E, G); (3) our brief (see pp 59-115); and (4) the exhibits we attached to our 
 motion (Ex 4-7). Judge Nathan has said that she will resolve the suppression motions "at a later time" ahead of trial. 
 Thanks very much. 
 From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 15, 2021 10:09 AM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Question re AM/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 Sure, set a time other than 2:00. I'm in the office. Or Webex 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 15, 2021 9:11 AM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: Question re AJN/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 Hi=, 
 (USANYS) < 
 (USANYS) < 
 We had an issue come up related to the upcoming suppression hearing (no date set yet, although we expect one) 
 related to that we'd like your thoughts on. Let us know a convenient time to stop by over the next 
 few days, thanks. 
 Chief, Public Corruption Unit 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032726
From: IS" 'ale 
 To: MIMIlit=na..11...>
 Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
 Date: Wed, 16 Jun 2021 15:47:50 +0000 
 Ori inal Messa e 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, June 16, 2021 11:26 AM 
 To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM 
 Cc: Christian Everdell 
 Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
 Hi Bobbi-
 I apologize for the delay in response. I have been out of office sick. 
 We are looking into the concerns you have brought to our attention regarding the VTC units. All of the VTC 
 units throughout the institution are now being stored in this manner as it is a protective bather for the equipment. 
 With that said, we will be doing test runs to investigate concerns you have mentioned. 
 Furthermore, Ms. Maxwell must oblige by the orders of the Officers. We offer Ms. Maxwell medical care on a 
 daily basis, which she has declined. 
 Additionally, can you please provide me with a photo of the ear buds you are requesting to bring into the 
 institution? 
 Best, 
 >> > BOBBI C STERNHEIM 6/16/2021 10:23 AM >» 
 Good morning-
 As reported yesterday, the modifications made in the VTC room are negatively impacting attorney-client 
 communication. 
 The video is blurry; the audio includes distorting noises. 
 I am requesting that these problems be remedied immediately. 
 Also, I am bringing to your attention the inappropriate behavior of the 
 guards presently on Ms. Maxwell's detail: threatening discipline if Ms. Maxwell is "off camera" while leaning 
 against a wall to soothe her aching back; barking orders regarding the noise emanating from the washing 
 machine and the pace of her gait when walking; laughing amongst themselves as if any of this is funny. 
 The manner in which some of the guards responded to me on Sunday gives me reason to be concerned about 
 how they treat Ms. Maxwell when out of public view. 
 The courtesy of a response is requested. 
 Thank you-
 Bobbi 
 EFTA00032727
BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 New York, NY 10011 
 Main: 
 Cell: 
 Fax: 
 > **Covid-19 Notice: The office is currently closed 
 but we continue to work remotely. 
 > Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all 
 correspondence during this time. 
 > We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation. 
 > Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good 
 health and well being. 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 
 that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
 If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
 If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
 delete this message. Thank you. 
 EFTA00032728
From: '
 „ti 
 To: ' " ' " 
 Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
 Date: Wed, 16 Jun 2021 17:48:06 +0000 
 From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM 
 Sent: Wednesday, June 16, 2021 1:47 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
 C 
 Good afternoon-
 Despite being subjected to the most unique, restrictive, and invasive conditions 
 of pretrial confinement, Ms. Maxwell has and continues to be a compliant detainee. 
 She obeys all orders and commands - often muffled by masks, 
 uttered behind prison doors, and/or combined with the din of background noise -
 as soon as they are audibly discernible. 
 Erratic enforcement of inconsistent rules and regulations imposed by 
 revolving teams of guards who exert varying degrees of officiousness 
 and contempt toward Ms. Maxwell is the fault of the MDC/BOP, 
 not Ms. Maxwell. 
 Regards, 
 Bobbi 
 BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 New York, NY 10011 
 Main: 
 Cell: 
 Fax: 
 • •Covid-19 Notice: The office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely. 
 Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
 We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation. 
 Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being. 
 Christian Everdell 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
 If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
 EFTA00032729
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
 message. Thank you. 
 On Jun 16, 2021, at 11:25 AM, ‹> wrote: 
 Hi Bobbi-
 I apologize for the delay in response. I have been out of office sick. 
 We are looking into the concerns you have brought to our attention 
 regarding the VTC units. All of the VTC units throughout the 
 institution are now being stored in this manner as it is a protective 
 barrier for the equipment. With that said, we will be doing test runs 
 to investigate concerns you have mentioned. 
 Furthermore, Ms. Maxwell must oblige by the orders of the Officers. We 
 offer Ms. Maxwell medical care on a daily basis, which she has 
 declined. 
 Additionally, can you please provide me with a photo of the ear buds 
 you are requesting to bring into the institution? 
 Best, 
 BOBBI C STERNHEIM c> 6/16/2021 10:23 AM >>> 
 Good morning-
 As reported yesterday, the modifications made in the VTC room 
 are negatively impacting attorney-client communication. 
 The video is blurry; the audio includes distorting noises. 
 I am requesting that these problems be remedied immediately. 
 Also, I am bringing to your attention the inappropriate behavior of the 
 guards presently on Ms. Maxwell's detail: threatening discipline if 
 Ms. Maxwell is "off camera" while leaning against a wall to soothe her 
 aching 
 back; barking orders regarding the noise emanating from the washing 
 machine 
 and the pace of her gait when walking; laughing amongst themselves as 
 if any of this is funny. 
 The manner in which some of the guards responded to me on Sunday gives 
 me reason to be concerned 
 about how they treat Ms. Maxwell when out of public view. 
 The courtesy of a response is requested. 
 Thank you-
 Bobbi 
 BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 EFTA00032730
From: (USANYS)" alMIE> 
 To: (USANYS)" 
 Subject: RE: protective order and draft affidavit 
 Date: Tue, 28 Jul 2020 19:29:05 +0000 
 Attachments: 2020-07-27_GM_Ietter to_Judge_Nathan_re_protective_order updated.ebd.docx 
 From: 
 )< => 
 Sent: Tuesday, July 28, 2020 3:04 PM 
 To: (USANYS) (USANYS) 
 Cc: 
 ": >; 
 > 
 Subject: protective order and draft affidavit 
 As promised. I've never done one of these affidavits before, so very happy for any suggestions on that in particular. 
 EFTA00031993
New York, NY 10011 
 Main: 
 Cell: 
 Fax: 
 **Covid-19 Notice: The office is currently closed 
 but we continue to work remotely. 
 Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all 
 correspondence during this time. 
 We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation. 
 Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good 
 health and well being. 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
 If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, 
 distribute, or use this information. 
 If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
 sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank 
 you. 
 EFTA00032731
From: White Collar Law360 <news@law360.com> 
 To:
 Subject: 5 Ways Companies Can Prep For Biden's Anti-Corruption Push 
 Date: Thu, 17 Jun 2021 07:35:33 +0000 
 t law360 White 
 Collar 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Thursday, June 17, 2021 GiFollow Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Analysis 
 5 Ways Companies Can Prep For Biden's Anti-Corruption Push 
 With President Joe Biden gung-ho about fighting corruption, new anti-money 
 laundering rules looming, and vulnerabilities that were amplified by 
 the pandemic, companies should act now to reexamine and bolster their 
 compliance programs, experts say. 
 Read full article » 
 Robbins Geller Wants To Fight FIFA Suit DQ At 2nd Circ. 
 Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP has asked a New York federal judge to 
 give the firm time to appeal his ruling that it committed fraud worthy of 
 disqualification by failing to disclose short positions held by the lead plaintiff 
 in a securities class action stemming from the FIFA corruption scandal, a 
 request the defendant company said comes way too late. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article
 Greenberg Traurig's NY Bill May Aid Russian Oligarch Client 
 Greenberg Traurig successfully lobbied for a New York state bill that will 
 make it harder to enforce foreign judgments, which could be worth $700 
 million or more to a Vladimir Putin-linked Russian oligarch who is a client of 
 the firm. The state senator who sponsored the bill had no idea. 
 Letter attached I Read full article » 
 Ex -Goldman Exec's Virus-Delayed 1MDB Trial Set For January 
 Former Goldman Sachs managing director Roger Ng will face trial in January 
 over his purported role in the 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal, a 
 New York federal judge said Tuesday, rescheduling the proceeding after a 
 pandemic -related delay. 
 Read full article » 
 ENRC Adviser Regrets Lying In SFO Tipoff About Dechert Atty 
 A former ENRC security consultant testified on Wednesday that he regretted 
 lying in an anonymous letter he sent to the Serious Fraud Office accusing a 
 Dechert attorney investigating alleged corruption at the Kazakh mining 
 company of colluding with the agency's officials. 
 Read full article » 
 NYC Bar Wants Arrest Question On Bar Application Amended 
 The New York City Bar Association has urged the New York state court 
 system not to ask state bar applicants about their involvement with the 
 ;`',Law360 Rising Stars 2021 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Aidala Bertuna 
 Akin Gump 
 Arent Fox 
 Arnold & Porter 
 BakerHostetler 
 Ballard Spahr 
 Blackstone Chambers 
 Blank Rome 
 Bracewell LLP 
 Brafman & Associates 
 Cadwalader Wickersham 
 Clarence Dyer 
 Cloth Fair Chambers 
 Clyde & Co 
 Cohen & Gresser 
 Cohen Milstein 
 Conrad & Metlitzky 
 Constantine Cannon 
 Cravath Swaine 
 Crowell & Moring 
 DLA Piper 
 Davis Polk 
 Davis Wright Tremaine 
 EFTA00032732
juvenile justice system or criminal cases that were sealed, adjourned or 
 dismissed. 
 Read full article » 
 Ex -Cognizant Execs Want Cooperator's Bribery Probe Docs 
 Two former Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. executives charged with 
 foreign bribery are seeking to force an Indian conglomerate to hand over 
 information that could help clear their names, arguing that a New Jersey 
 federal court has jurisdiction over the conglomerate because it cooperated 
 with U.S. investigators. 
 Motion attached I Read full article » 
 Jailed Maxwell Decries 'Raw Sewage,' Nosy Guards 
 Ghislaine Maxwell cannot defend herself against child sex-trafficking charges 
 with feces raining down in her cell and federal prison guards listening in on 
 her privileged conversations, one of her attorneys told a Manhattan federal 
 judge in a letter Tuesday. 
 Letter attached I Read full article » 
 Ex -NASA Chief Gets 30 Days For Hiding Ties To China 
 A New York federal judge on Wednesday hesitantly sentenced a NASA 
 nanotechnology pioneer to 30 days in prison for concealing his ties to the 
 Chinese government, pointing out that defendants with lesser bona fides are 
 routinely locked up for lying to the government. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 COMPLIANCE 
 Ex -City National VP Says He Was Fired For Tax Whistleblowing 
 A former senior vice president for the Royal Bank of Canada's U.S. 
 subsidiary City National Bank sued his ex-employer in California federal 
 court, claiming he was wrongfully fired because he raised concerns about 
 possible tax fraud and misconduct. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 SECURITIES 
 Trader Pushes Back Against Witness In Illumina Insider Trial 
 Counsel for a San Diego stock speculator accused of insider trading worked 
 Wednesday to undermine the credibility of a former Illumina Inc. accountant 
 who told a Manhattan jury she tipped him to earnings secrets in exchange for 
 envelopes stuffed with cash. 
 Read full article » 
 6 Members Of $1.7M Tech Insider Trading Ring Get Pinned 
 Three members of an alleged $1.7 million insider trading ring were hit with 
 criminal charges Tuesday, while much of the ring settled claims lobbed by the 
 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that they traded off of material 
 nonpublic information on two technology companies. 
 4 documents attached I Read full article
 PUBLIC INTEGRITY 
 Former Boston Cop 4th To Admit Stealing OT Pay 
 A retired Boston cop detailed to the department's evidence warehouse 
 admitted Wednesday to embezzling more than $36,000 from the city by filing 
 for overtime hours she never worked, becoming the fourth officer to plead 
 guilty in the scheme. 
 Read full article » 
 Dechert 
 Derek Smith Law Group 
 Dinsmore & Shohl 
 Ellsworth Law Firm 
 Erskine Chambers 
 Essex Court Chambers 
 Faegre Drinker 
 Fine Kaplan 
 ForsterBoughman 
 Frankfurt Kurnit 
 Freshfields 
 Friedman Kaplan 
 Gateley PLC 
 Gelb & Gelb 
 Gibbons PC 
 Girardi & Keese 
 Goodwin Procter 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Haddon Morgan 
 Hagens Berman 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Holland & Knight 
 Iredale & Yoo 
 Jomarron Lopez 
 Jones Day 
 King & Siegel 
 Krieger Kim 
 Lathrop GPM 
 Law Office of John D. Cline 
 Levene Neale 
 Lowenstein Sandler 
 Margulies Faith 
 Mayer Brown 
 McDermott Will 
 Milbank LLP 
 Moses & Singer 
 Neal R. Sonnett PA 
 Nelson Mullins 
 Norton Rose 
 One Essex Court 
 Orrick Herrington 
 Paul Weiss 
 Perkins Coie 
 Post & Schell 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Robbins Geller 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Scharf Banks 
 Selendy & Gay 
 Skadden Arps 
 Squire Patton 
 EFTA00032733
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 GSK Denied Restitution In Trade Secrets Theft Case 
 A Pennsylvania federal judge said Monday that GlaxoSmithKline LLC is not 
 entitled to recoup fees and costs incurred by outside counsel from DLA Piper 
 as part of a criminal case over trade secrets stolen from the company. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 ENVIRONMENTAL 
 Feds Say No To Vacating Guilty Plea In $42M Pollution Case 
 Government prosecutors urged a Pennsylvania federal judge to reject a 
 contractor's bid to withdraw his guilty plea, arguing there was no difference or 
 conflict of interest between him and his company when he copped to 
 dumping pollutants in the Susquehanna River during a bridge restoration 
 project. 
 Brief attached I Read full article >> 
 APPELLATE 
 1st Circ. OKs Hefty Prison Term For Lottery, Emerald Hoaxes 
 The First Circuit on Tuesday upheld the conviction and 13-year prison 
 sentence for an Ohio man who sweet-talked victims into parting with their 
 retirement savings and other investments with colorful schemes about uncut 
 emeralds and vast lottery winnings frozen in a New York bank account. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article » 
 HEALTH 
 Analysis 
 Escobar 5 Years Later: How FCA Earthquake Is Reverberating 
 Five years ago Wednesday, the U.S. Supreme Court addressed a billing 
 dispute tied to one patient's treatment at a Massachusetts clinic and in the 
 process rattled the nation's entire False Claims Act docket with new doctrine. 
 Here, Law360 explores the landmark case's aftermath and finds a litigation 
 landscape that hasn't come close to stabilizing. 
 Opinion attached I Read full article 
 NYC Doc Gets Over 4% Years For Taking Insys Kickbacks 
 A former New York City doctor on Wednesday was sentenced to more than 
 4% years in prison for taking hundreds of thousands of dollars in kickbacks 
 from now-defunct drugmaker Insys Therapeutics Inc. in exchange for 
 prescribing a powerful fentanyl spray to his patients. 
 Read full article » 
 Humana Claims In Telemed RICO Case Advance In Fla. Court 
 A Florida federal judge has ruled that a telemedicine company and several 
 physicians cannot escape Humana's lawsuit accusing them of preying on its 
 policyholders through a complex nationwide scheme that allegedly billed the 
 insurer for millions of dollars' worth of unnecessary prescription creams. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS 
 San Antonio Man Admits To Role In Air Force Fraud Scheme 
 A former U.S. Air Force civilian employee has pled guilty to receiving more 
 than $2.3 million in kickbacks and bribes in return for his help in securing 
 Stroock & Stroock 
 Swanson & McNamara 
 Three Raymond Buildings 
 Vorys Sater 
 Wachtell Lipton 
 WilmerHale 
 COMPANIES 
 1-800 Contacts Inc. 
 7 -Eleven Inc. 
 Amalgamated Transit Union 
 Amazon.com Inc. 
 American Bar Association 
 Apple Inc. 
 Chevron Corp. 
 City National Bank 
 Cognizant Technology Solutions 
 Corp. 
 Equal Justice Initiative 
 Facebook Inc. 
 Federation Internationale de 
 Football Association 
 Fortinet Inc. 
 George Washington University 
 Georgetown University 
 Google LLC 
 Grupo Televise SAB 
 Humana Inc. 
 ICAP 
 Illumine Inc. 
 Infinera Corporation 
 International Business Machines 
 Corp. 
 JAMS Inc. 
 Larsen & Toubro Ltd. 
 London Stock Exchange Group 
 PLC 
 Michelin Group 
 National Association for the 
 Advancement of Colored People 
 New York City Bar Association 
 New York State Bar Association 
 PG&E Corp. 
 Porsche 
 QUALCOMM Inc. 
 Royal Bank of Canada 
 SolarWinds Corp. 
 Space Exploration Technologies 
 Corp. 
 The Lawyers' Committee for Civil 
 Rights Under Law 
 Universal Health Services Inc. 
 EFTA00032734
multimillion -dollar government contracts through a fraud scheme that lasted 
 more than a decade. 
 Read full article » 
 TAX 
 Magistrate Assigned To Roger Stone's $2M Tax Case Recuses 
 A U.S. magistrate judge assigned to Roger Stone's $2 million unpaid tax suit 
 in Florida recused himself from the case Wednesday. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 COMPETITION 
 Ex -Bumble Bee CEO Fights Antitrust Conviction At 9th Circ. 
 Former Bumble Bee CEO Chris Lischewski urged the Ninth Circuit on 
 Wednesday to overturn his conviction for his role in an alleged tuna price-
 fi xing conspiracy, arguing that the trial judge gave erroneous instructions that 
 provided jurors with too many details on antitrust law and led to his wrongful 
 conviction. 
 Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 Law Firm Talent Must Reflect Shifting US Demographics 
 Stephanie Scharf at Scharf Banks and Roberta Liebenberg at Fine Kaplan 
 analyze and project U.S. demographic trends to show that law firms that 
 hope to succeed long-term must recruit, retain and advance female lawyers 
 and lawyers of color, and they outline six steps for meeting these goals. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Client Data Stolen From UK Law Firm Gateley In Cyberattack 
 London law firm Gateley PLC revealed on Wednesday that it has been 
 targeted by a cyberattack that resulted in some of its clients' information 
 being compromised, making it the latest casualty of an online security breach 
 in the legal industry. 
 Read full article » 
 7 More Firms Raise Associate Salaries 
 A host of law firms this week have moved to match Davis Polk & Wardwell 
 LLP and raise U.S. associates' starting salaries, and one firm has combined 
 the announcement with a plan to accelerate its promotion track. 
 Read full article » 
 Federal Claims Judge Confirmed To Md. District Court 
 A bipartisan Senate vote on Wednesday confirmed a DLA Piper alum to 
 move from the U.S. Court of Federal Claims to a lifetime seat on Maryland's 
 federal district court. 
 Read full article » 
 Cravath Donating $6M Fee To Groups Supporting Civil Rights 
 Cravath Swaine & Moore LLP announced on Tuesday it will donate $6 million 
 it earned in attorney fees in pro bono work to five national and local Alabama 
 organizations supporting civil rights and diversity efforts. 
 Read full article » 
 Dechert Hit With Discrimination Suit By Ex-Billing Manager 
 YouTube Inc. 
 Zeughauser Group LLC 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Consumer Financial Protection 
 Bureau 
 Economics and Statistics 
 Administration 
 Executive Office of the President 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Financial Crimes Enforcement 
 Network 
 Information Commissioner's Office 
 Internal Revenue Service 
 National Aeronautics and Space 
 Administration 
 Serious Fraud Office 
 U.S. Air Force 
 U.S. Attorneys Office 
 U.S. Attorneys Office for the 
 District of Massachusetts 
 U.S. Attorneys Office for the 
 District of New Jersey 
 U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
 Eastern District of New York 
 U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
 Eastern District of Pennsylvania 
 U.S. Attorneys Office for the 
 Middle District of Pennsylvania 
 U.S. Attorneys Office for the 
 Northern District of California 
 U.S. Attorneys Office for the 
 Southern District of New York 
 U.S. Attorneys Office for the 
 Western District of Texas 
 U.S. Census Bureau 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the First 
 Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth 
 Circuit 
 U.S. Department of Commerce 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of the Treasury 
 U.S. District Court for the Central 
 District of California 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Massachusetts 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 New Jersey 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of Pennsylvania 
 U.S. District Court for the Middle 
 District of Pennsylvania 
 EFTA00032735
A former billing manager at Dechert LLP said her supervisor created a hostile 
 work environment and set impossibly high standards for her because she 
 was Black, according to a racial discrimination lawsuit she filed against the 
 fi rm in Pennsylvania federal court Wednesday. 
 Read full article » 
 Girardi's Ex-Clients Go After His Wife In State Malpractice Suit 
 Former clients of celebrity trial lawyer Thomas V. Girardi, along with the 
 bankruptcy trustee liquidating the embattled attorney's personal property, 
 have urged a California bankruptcy judge to lift a stay so the ex-clients can 
 continue their collection pursuit against his estranged wife, "Real Housewives 
 of Beverly Hills" star Erika Girardi. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 Khan Goes From Commissioner To Chair In Under 6 Hours 
 In a single afternoon, Lina Khan was confirmed to the Federal Trade 
 Commission, sworn in, and made its chair in a surprise move that sets up the 
 Big Tech critic for a role she was not anticipated to play and has left 
 observers wondering what to expect. 
 Read full article » 
 Marshals Need More Staff To Protect Judges, DOJ Report Says 
 Less than a year after the killing of a New Jersey federal judge's son by an 
 angry male rights attorney, a U.S. Department of Justice audit found that the 
 U.S. Marshals Service is understaffed and not properly equipped to protect 
 the judiciary. 
 Read full article » 
 Ex -Orrick Atty Now 'Supreme Court Director' At Georgetown 
 Georgetown Law's Institute for Constitutional Advocacy and Protection has 
 named former Orrick partner Kelsi Brown Corkran as its first U.S. Supreme 
 Court director, a role in which she will manage the group's litigation strategy 
 for civil rights and criminal justice in the nation's top court. 
 Read full article » 
 NY DAs Urge Gov. Cuomo To Veto Conduct Commission Bill 
 An association that represents New York state prosecutors urged Gov. 
 Andrew Cuomo to veto a recently passed bill that would create an oversight 
 body to investigate prosecutorial misconduct complaints, saying that the 
 commission would delay and interfere with attorney discipline. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Mid -Level Litigation Associate 
 Corr Cronin LLP 
 Seattle. Washington 
 Financial Markets Associate (Real Estate 
 Finance) 
 Jones Day 
 Irvine, California 
 NYC ELITE FULL SERVICE SMALL FIRM 
 SEEKS PARTNERS 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York, New York 
 Not mite if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd gather no receive future emails of ibis son. 
 you may umsubsctibe hen. 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of California 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of Florida 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. District Court for the Western 
 District of Texas 
 U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 
 U.S. Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 U.S. Senate 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 U.S. Uniform Law Commission 
 EFTA00032736
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer summit inquiries. please call +I-646.781.7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy I Cookie Policy 
 Law360 I Ponfolio Media. Inc. Ill West 19M Street. Sth Floor. New York, NY 10011 
 EFTA00032737
From: New York Law360 <news-alt(ciflaw360.com> 
 To: < 
 Subject: Greenberg Traurig's NY Bill May Aid Russian Oligarch Client 
 Date: Thu, 17 Jun 2021 09:02:15 +0000 
 t i_aw360 New York 
 NEW YORK 
 Thursday, June 17, 2021 GiFollow Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Greenberg Traurig's NY Bill May Aid Russian Oligarch Client 
 Greenberg Traurig successfully lobbied for a New York state bill that will 
 make it harder to enforce foreign judgments, which could be worth $700 
 million or more to a Vladimir Putin-linked Russian oligarch who is a client of 
 the firm. The state senator who sponsored the bill had no idea. 
 Letter attached I Read full article » 
 NYC Bar Wants Arrest Question On Bar Application Amended 
 The New York City Bar Association has urged the New York state court 
 system not to ask state bar applicants about their involvement with the 
 juvenile justice system or criminal cases that were sealed, adjourned or 
 dismissed. 
 Read full article » 
 NY DAs Urge Gov. Cuomo To Veto Conduct Commission Bill 
 An association that represents New York state prosecutors urged Gov. 
 Andrew Cuomo to veto a recently passed bill that would create an oversight 
 body to investigate prosecutorial misconduct complaints, saying that the 
 commission would delay and interfere with attorney discipline. 
 3 documents attached I Read full article » 
 Robbins Geller Wants To Fight FIFA Suit DQ At 2nd Circ. 
 Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP has asked a New York federal judge to 
 give the firm time to appeal his ruling that it committed fraud worthy of 
 disqualification by failing to disclose short positions held by the lead plaintiff 
 in a securities class action stemming from the FIFA corruption scandal, a 
 request the defendant company said comes way too late. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 New York Opioid Trial Delayed Again As Jury Selection Lags 
 A monumental opioid trial pitting New York state and two local governments 
 against a dozen drug companies is being pushed back nearly one week 
 because jury selection is taking longer than expected, sources said 
 Wednesday. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 Examiner With Narrow Scope Approved In Purdue Ch. 11 
 A New York bankruptcy judge begrudgingly approved the appointment of an 
 examiner in the Chapter 11 case of OxyContin maker Purdue Pharma LP on 
 ;2,Law360 Rising Stars 2021 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Aidala Bertuna 
 Akin Gump 
 Allen & Overy 
 Ansell Grimm 
 Blackstone Chambers 
 Boies Schiller 
 Brafman & Associates 
 Brown Rudnick 
 Cadwalader Wickersham 
 Carlson Lynch 
 Chiesa Shahinian 
 Cloth Fair Chambers 
 Clyde & Co 
 Cohen & Gresser 
 Cohen Milstein 
 Constantine Cannon 
 Cravath Swaine 
 Crowell & Moring 
 DLA Piper 
 Davis Polk 
 Debevoise & Plimpton 
 Dechert 
 Derek Smith Law Group 
 EFTA00032738
Wednesday, saying he was doing so only because the baseless allegations 
 included in the examiner motion needed to be addressed publicly. 
 Read full article » 
 Jailed Maxwell Decries 'Raw Sewage,' Nosy Guards 
 Ghislaine Maxwell cannot defend herself against child sex-trafficking charges 
 with feces raining down in her cell and federal prison guards listening in on 
 her privileged conversations, one of her attorneys told a Manhattan federal 
 judge in a letter Tuesday. 
 Letter attached I Read full article » 
 Trader Pushes Back Against Witness In Illumina Insider Trial 
 Counsel for a San Diego stock speculator accused of insider trading worked 
 Wednesday to undermine the credibility of a former Illumina Inc. accountant 
 who told a Manhattan jury she tipped him to earnings secrets in exchange for 
 envelopes stuffed with cash. 
 Read full article » 
 Visa, Mastercard Accused Of Being Cartel In Square Fees Suit 
 A proposed class of small businesses that use the Square e-commerce 
 payment platform for transactions launched an antitrust suit against Visa and 
 Mastercard on Wednesday, saying the credit card companies acted as a 
 cartel by using their vast market share to keep fees associated with credit 
 and debit card transactions high. 
 Complaint attached Read full article » 
 REAL ESTATE & DEVELOPMENT 
 Real Estate Rumors: American Stock, Wells, Maxim Credit 
 American Stock Transfer & Trust Co. has reportedly landed a lease extension 
 deal for 17,090 square feet in Manhattan, Wells Fargo is said to be paying 
 $95 a square foot for space it's leasing in San Francisco and Maxim Credit 
 Group is said to have loaned $17.5 million for 36 co-op units in Florida. 
 Read full article » 
 CONSUMER PROTECTION 
 Express Scripts Was Unaware Of CVS Overcharges, Jury Told 
 An Express Scripts executive told a California federal jury Wednesday that 
 the pharmacy benefit manager was unaware CVS Pharmacy Inc. 
 overcharged insured customers and didn't report its discounted drug prices, 
 which the consumer classes claim led to higher copays. 
 Read full article » 
 EMPLOYMENT 
 SEIU Can Exit Fired Handyman's Bias Suit, Judge Says 
 A Service Employees International Union branch should escape a fired 
 handyman's union bias suit, a New York federal magistrate judge 
 recommended Tuesday, finding that the worker hasn't plausibly alleged that 
 the union discriminated against him when it declined to challenge his firing. 
 Report attached Read full article 
 SECURITIES 
 Robbins Geller Nabs $21M For Work On $84M MetLife Deal 
 A New York federal court awarded Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP $21 
 million for the firm's work securing an $84 million settlement for a class of 
 Dinsmore & Shohl 
 Erskine Chambers 
 Essex Court Chambers 
 Faruqi & Faruqi 
 Fine Kaplan 
 Foley Hoag 
 Frankfurt Kumit 
 Freshfields 
 Gateley PLC 
 Gibbons PC 
 Gilbert LLP 
 Girardi & Keese 
 Glancy Prongay 
 Goodwin Procter 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Haddon Morgan 
 Hausfeld LLP 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Holland & Knight 
 Husch Blackwell 
 Iredale & Yoo 
 Jones Day 
 Kaplan Hecker 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Kramer Levin 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Levene Neale 
 Lowenstein Sandler 
 Maples and Calder 
 Margulies Faith 
 Mayer Brown 
 Milbank LLP 
 Milberg Coleman 
 Moses & Singer 
 Napoli Shkolnik 
 Norton Rose 
 One Essex Court 
 Orrick Herrington 
 Otterbourg PC 
 Perkins Coie 
 Pomerantz LLP 
 Pritzker Levine 
 Quinn Emanuel 
 Robbins Geller 
 Roche Freedman 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Rosen Law Firm PA 
 Scharf Banks 
 Selendy & Gay 
 Shuman Glenn 
 Sidley Austin 
 EFTA00032739
investors who accused MetLife Inc. of misleading them by underreporting life 
 insurance liabilities. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 Investors Push To Keep BitMEX Manipulation Claims Alive 
 Investors who used exchange BitMEX to buy crypto-asset derivatives have 
 asked a New York federal court to keep their allegations of fraudulent 
 practices and price manipulation in play. 
 Memorandum attached I Read full article » 
 Pomerantz To Rep Investors in Pa. Oil Well Suit 
 Pomerantz LLP, with an assist from a local law firm, will represent a proposed 
 class of investors in a suit in Pittsburgh federal court alleging natural gas and 
 oil company Range Resources Corp. improperly reported the status of wells 
 it owns and operates in Pennsylvania. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Ex -Goldman Exec's Virus-Delayed 1MDB Trial Set For January 
 Former Goldman Sachs managing director Roger Ng will face trial in January 
 over his purported role in the 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal, a 
 New York federal judge said Tuesday, rescheduling the proceeding after a 
 pandemic -related delay. 
 Read full article » 
 NYC Doc Gets Over 4% Years For Taking Insys Kickbacks 
 A former New York City doctor on Wednesday was sentenced to more than 
 4% years in prison for taking hundreds of thousands of dollars in kickbacks 
 from now-defunct drugmaker Insys Therapeutics Inc. in exchange for 
 prescribing a powerful fentanyl spray to his patients. 
 Read full article )> 
 Ex -NASA Chief Gets 30 Days For Hiding Ties To China 
 A New York federal judge on Wednesday hesitantly sentenced a NASA 
 nanotechnology pioneer to 30 days in prison for concealing his ties to the 
 Chinese govemment, pointing out that defendants with lesser bona fides are 
 routinely locked up for lying to the govemment. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS 
 5 Firms Guide $600M In IPOs For 2 Energy Transition SPACs 
 Two blank-check companies focused on energy transition and sustainability 
 raised a combined $600 million Wednesday in initial public offerings guided 
 by five law firms. 
 Read full article » 
 2 Firms Guide Columbia Care's $42M Deal For Colo. Pot Co. 
 Cannabis giant Columbia Care Inc. is poised to acquire Denver dispensary 
 Medicine Man in a deal steered by Foley Hoag LLP and Husch Blackwell LLP 
 and valued at $42 million, the companies have announced. 
 Read full article >> 
 BANKRUPTCY 
 NY Retirement Community Seeks $199M Ch. 11 Refinance 
 The owner of Long Island retirement community Amsterdam at Harborside is 
 seeking Chapter 11 protection in a New York bankruptcy court with a 
 Skadden Arps 
 Smith Villazor 
 Stein Mitchell 
 Stroock & Stroock 
 Swanson & McNamara 
 Three Raymond Buildings 
 Troutman Pepper 
 Vinson & Elkins 
 Wachtell Lipton 
 Williams & Connolly 
 Winston & Strawn 
 Wolf Haldenstein 
 COMPANIES 
 1-800 Contacts Inc. 
 7 -Eleven Inc. 
 ACI Worldwide, Inc. 
 Amalgamated Transit Union 
 Amazon.com Inc. 
 American Bar Association 
 American Stock Transfer & Trust 
 Company LLC 
 Apple Inc. 
 Barclays PLC 
 CVS Health Corp. 
 Chevron Corp. 
 Citigroup Inc. 
 Columbia Care Inc. 
 Deutsche Bank AG 
 Equal Justice Initiative 
 Ethereum GmbH 
 Express Scripts Holding Co. 
 Facebook Inc. 
 Federation Internationale de 
 Football Association 
 Fordham University 
 George Washington University 
 Georgetown University 
 Google LLC 
 Grupo Televisa SAB 
 HDR Global Trading Ltd. 
 ICAP 
 Illumina Inc. 
 JAMS Inc. 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 London Stock Exchange Group 
 PLC 
 MasterCard Inc. 
 MetLife Inc. 
 Mr. Cooper Group Inc. 
 NASDAQ Inc. 
 EFTA00032740
From: ' . (OIG)"  
 To: l"lElisUSANye l/, 
 . (NY) (FBI)" 
 Cc: ' (USANYS)"  
 Subject: RE: Sign in SHU 
 Date: Mon, 27 Jul 2020 18:19:59 +0000 
 Y) (OGA) (FBI)" 
 Thank you for that clarification. I will talk to and set it up. 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 New York Field Office 
 One Battery Park Plaza, 29th Floor 
 New York, NY 10004 
 (Office) 
 (Cell Phone) 
 From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Monday, July 27, 2020 2:19 PM 
 > 
 To: (OIG) < (NY) (OGA) (FBI) <I>; 
 (NY) (FBI) <i > 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Sign in SHU 
 You should reach out without me and . Whenever works for you and 
 interview, which would surprise me, then let's discuss further before doing anything. 
 From: (OIG) 
 Sent: Monday, July 27, 2020 12:03 PM 
 . If she declines a voluntary 
 To: (USANYS); (NY) (OGA) (FBI) <>; 
 . (NY) (FBI) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Sign in SHU
 Copy. I can set it up via phone for later this week or next week. and 
 times that work for you? After I have your availability options, I will then call to schedule. 
 can you please give me days and 
 if declines a voluntary interview, do you want me to compel her? 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 New York Field Office 
 One Battery Park Plaza, 29th Floor 
 New York, NY 10004 
 (Office) 
 (Cell Phone) 
 EFTA00031994
prenegotiated plan to refinance over $199 million in debt as it deals with a 
 failure to attract enough residents. 
 Declaration attached I Read full article » 
 BANKING 
 Nationstar Mortgage Sued Over Unauthorized Payment Glitch 
 Mortgage servicer Nationstar Mortgage LLC faces a proposed class action in 
 New York federal court accusing the company of improperly debiting 
 borrowers' accounts multiple times in a single month. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 PEOPLE 
 Chiesa Shahinian Adds Experienced IP Attorney In NY 
 Chiesa Shahinian & Giantomasi PC continued its 2021 expansion, adding an 
 attorney with nearly two decades of experience working on a variety of 
 intellectual property and trade secret suits as a New York-based member, the 
 fi rm announced. 
 Read full article » 
 Winston & Strawn Grabs Partner From Troutman Pepper 
 Winston & Strawn LLP continued to expand the firm's tax practice with the 
 addition of a partner from Troutman Pepper who will work out of its New York 
 office, Winston announced Wednesday. 
 Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 Law Firm Talent Must Reflect Shifting US Demographics 
 Stephanie Scharf at Scharf Banks and Roberta Liebenberg at Fine Kaplan 
 analyze and project U.S. demographic trends to show that law firms that 
 hope to succeed long-term must recruit, retain and advance female lawyers 
 and lawyers of color, and they outline six steps for meeting these goals. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Client Data Stolen From UK Law Firm Gateley In Cyberattack 
 London law firm Gateley PLC revealed on Wednesday that it has been 
 targeted by a cyberattack that resulted in some of its clients' information 
 being compromised, making it the latest casualty of an online security breach 
 in the legal industry. 
 Read full article » 
 7 More Firms Raise Associate Salaries 
 A host of law firms this week have moved to match Davis Polk & Wardwell 
 LLP and raise U.S. associates' starting salaries, and one firm has combined 
 the announcement with a plan to accelerate its promotion track. 
 Read full article » 
 Federal Claims Judge Confirmed To Md. District Court 
 A bipartisan Senate vote on Wednesday confirmed a DLA Piper alum to 
 move from the U.S. Court of Federal Claims to a lifetime seat on Maryland's 
 federal district court. 
 Read full article » 
 Cravath Donating $6M Fee To Groups Supporting Civil Rights 
 National Association for the 
 Advancement of Colored People 
 New York City Bar Association 
 New York State Bar Association 
 New York State Teachers' 
 Retirement System 
 New York University 
 PG&E Corp. 
 Purdue Pharma LP 
 QUALCOMM Inc. 
 RBC Capital Markets 
 Range Resources Corp. 
 Service Employees International 
 Union 
 Space Exploration Technologies 
 Corp. 
 Temple University 
 The Green Solution LLC 
 The Lawyers' Committee for Civil 
 Rights Under Law 
 United Airlines Holdings Inc. 
 Visa Inc. 
 Walgreens Co. 
 Wells Fargo & Co. 
 Zeughauser Group LLC 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Commodity Futures Trading 
 Commission 
 Consumer Financial Protection 
 Bureau 
 Economics and Statistics 
 Administration 
 European Union 
 Executive Office of the President 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Food and Drug Administration 
 Information Commissioner's Office 
 National Aeronautics and Space 
 Administration 
 New York Attorney General's Office 
 Serious Fraud Office 
 U.S. Air Force 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
 Eastern District of New York 
 U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
 Southern District of New York 
 U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the 
 Eastern District of New York 
 U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the 
 Southern District of New York 
 U.S. Census Bureau 
 U.S. Department of Commerce 
 EFTA00032741
Cravath Swaine & Moore LLP announced on Tuesday it will donate $6 million 
 it earned in attorney fees in pro bono work to five national and local Alabama 
 organizations supporting civil rights and diversity efforts. 
 Read full article » 
 Dechert Hit With Discrimination Suit By Ex-Billing Manager 
 A former billing manager at Dechert LLP said her supervisor created a hostile 
 work environment and set impossibly high standards for her because she 
 was Black, according to a racial discrimination lawsuit she filed against the 
 fi rm in Pennsylvania federal court Wednesday. 
 Read full article » 
 Girardi's Ex-Clients Go After His Wife In State Malpractice Suit 
 Former clients of celebrity trial lawyer Thomas V. Girardi, along with the 
 bankruptcy trustee liquidating the embattled attorney's personal property, 
 have urged a California bankruptcy judge to lift a stay so the ex-clients can 
 continue their collection pursuit against his estranged wife, "Real Housewives 
 of Beverly Hills" star Erika Girardi. 
 Read full article » 
 ENRC Adviser Regrets Lying In SFO Tipoff About Dechert Atty 
 A former ENRC security consultant testified on Wednesday that he regretted 
 lying in an anonymous letter he sent to the Serious Fraud Office accusing a 
 Dechert attorney investigating alleged corruption at the Kazakh mining 
 company of colluding with the agency's officials. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 Khan Goes From Commissioner To Chair In Under 6 Hours 
 In a single afternoon, Lina Khan was confirmed to the Federal Trade 
 Commission, sworn in, and made its chair in a surprise move that sets up the 
 Big Tech critic for a role she was not anticipated to play and has left 
 observers wondering what to expect. 
 Read full article » 
 Marshals Need More Staff To Protect Judges, DOJ Report Says 
 Less than a year after the killing of a New Jersey federal judge's son by an 
 angry male rights attorney, a U.S. Department of Justice audit found that the 
 U.S. Marshals Service is understaffed and not properly equipped to protect 
 the judiciary. 
 Read full article » 
 Ex -Orrick Atty Now 'Supreme Court Director' At Georgetown 
 Georgetown Law's Institute for Constitutional Advocacy and Protection has 
 named former Orrick partner Kelsi Brown Corkran as its first U.S. Supreme 
 Court director, a role in which she will manage the group's litigation strategy 
 for civil rights and criminal justice in the nation's top court. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 Not mite if your firm subsaibes? Ask your libtarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd gather no receive future emails of ibis sorb 
 you may unsubsetibe here. 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of Pennsylvania 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of California 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. District Court for the Western 
 District of Pennsylvania 
 U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 
 U.S. Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 U.S. Senate 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 U.S. Uniform Law Commission 
 Please DO NOT teply to this email. For customer support inquiries. please call + l-646-781-71CO or visit our Contact Us page. 
 EFTA00032742
Ptivacy Policy I Cookie Policy 
 Law360 Pon(olio Media, Inc, III West 1911iStreet. Sth Floor. New York. NY [Dalt 
 EFTA00032743
From: ' 
 To: MIIMIlkucaMna(USANYS)" 
 t 
 Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
 Date: Thu, 17 Jun 2021 18:43:06 +0000 
 From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM 
 Sent: Thursday, June 17, 2021 2:21 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 > 
 S>: 
 Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
 Good afternoon-
 Earlier this week, around 1:00 am 
 guards purposely awoke Ms. Maxwell because they observed her body shaking 
 and were concerned that she was having a seizure. 
 They determined she was shivering from the extremely cold temperature in her cell. 
 At approximately 3:00 am the following day, the guards again disrupted Ms. Maxwell's sleep 
 because her body was shaking. Again, they determined that she was 
 shivering and gave her a blanket. 
 The guards have now removed two of her blankets, claiming the blankets 
 are not authorized. Today, Ms. Maxwell awoke cold and headachy 
 with a sore throat. When medical staff came by she was too exhausted 
 to address her physical discomfort. 
 Please explain why guards purposely disrupt Ms. Maxwell's 
 sleep, determine she is shivering, and then remove blankets-
 her only source of warmth. This makes no sense, is detrimental 
 her health, and is utterly insensitive. 
 Christian Everdell 
 In addition, VTC viewing is less blurry on counsel's end but the image repeatedlybecomes broken 
 and then completely blacks out. 
 This is disrupting attorney-client communication, the ability to prepare for trial, and is negatively impacting 
 counsel's vision and concentration. 
 Please address and remedy this problems immediately. 
 BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 New York, NY 10011 
 Main: 
 Cell: 
 Fax: 
 • •Covid-19 Notice: The office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely. 
 EFTA00032744
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
 We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation. 
 Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being. 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
 If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
 If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
 message. Thank you. 
 On Jun 16, 2021, at 1:46 PM, BOBBI C STERNHEIMwrote: 
 Good afternoon-
 Despite being subjected to the most unique, restrictive, and invasive conditions 
 of pretrial confinement, Ms. Maxwell has and continues to be a compliant detainee. 
 She obeys all orders and commands - often muffled by masks, 
 uttered behind prison doors, and/or combined with the din of background noise -
 as soon as they are audibly discernible. 
 Erratic enforcement of inconsistent rules and regulations imposed by 
 revolving teams of guards who exert varying degrees of officiousness 
 and contempt toward Ms. Maxwell is the fault of the MDC/BOP, 
 not Ms. Maxwell. 
 Regards, 
 Bobbi 
 BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 New York, NY 10011 
 Main: 
 Cell: 
 Fax: 
 ••Covid-19 Notice: The office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely. 
 Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
 We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation. 
 Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being. 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
 If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
 If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
 message. Thank you. 
 EFTA00032745
On Jun 16, 2021, at 11:25 AM, •z:> wrote: 
 Hi Bobbi-
 I apologize for the delay in response. I have been out of office sick. 
 We are looking into the concerns you have brought to our attention 
 regarding the VTC units. All of the VTC units throughout the 
 institution are now being stored in this manner as it is a protective 
 barrier for the equipment. With that said, we will be doing test runs 
 to investigate concerns you have mentioned. 
 Furthermore, Ms. Maxwell must oblige by the orders of the Officers. We 
 offer Ms. Maxwell medical care on a daily basis, which she has 
 declined. 
 Additionally, can you please provide me with a photo of the ear buds 
 you are requesting to bring into the institution? 
 Best, 
 BOBBI C STERNHEIM 6/16/2021 10:23 AM >>> 
 Good morning-
 As reported yesterday, the modifications made in the VTC room 
 are negatively impacting attorney-client communication. 
 The video is blurry; the audio includes distorting noises. 
 I am requesting that these problems be remedied immediately. 
 Also, I am bringing to your attention the inappropriate behavior of the 
 guards presently on Ms. Maxwell's detail: threatening discipline if 
 Ms. Maxwell is "off camera" while leaning against a wall to soothe her 
 aching 
 back; barking orders regarding the noise emanating from the washing 
 machine 
 and the pace of her gait when walking; laughing amongst themselves as 
 if any of this is funny. 
 The manner in which some of the guards responded to me on Sunday gives 
 me reason to be concerned 
 about how they treat Ms. Maxwell when out of public view. 
 The courtesy of a response is requested. 
 Thank you-
 Bobbi 
 BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 New York, NY 10011 
 Main: 
 EFTA00032746
Cell: 
 Fax: 
 **Covid-19 Notice: The office is currently closed 
 but we continue to work remotely. 
 Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all 
 correspondence during this time. 
 We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation. 
 Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good 
 health and well being. 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the 
 Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
 If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, 
 distribute, or use this information. 
 If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
 sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank 
 you. 
 EFTA00032747
From: "MEMI>
 To: '
 Subject: FW: Maxwell - RTC 
 Date: Fri, 15 Oct 2021 15:45:30 +0000 
 Attachments: Maxwell RTC ell.docx 
 Hi guys, 
 I'm pretty slammed as we're in the thick of a period where we have 23 briefs due in the span of 30 days, plus the usual 
 other appeals stuff going on. I've also never been asked to review an entire RTC like this (neither has Sarah, for what it's 
 worth), so I don't think you'll get much value-add anyway. I want to be helpful, of course, but is there something discrete 
 and tricky you need help with on these? 
 Thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, October 11, 20218:14 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Maxwell - RTC 
 HIM, 
 We just wanted to check in and see if you think you'll have a chance to look at the Maxwell RTC before we send it to the 
 defense. We're planning to do that on October 20, and if you have time to look at this before then, we'd really like to 
 incorporate your comments. 
 Thanks! 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, September 30, 2021 10:50 AM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Maxwell - RTC 
 Hi=, 
 I hope all's well! Attached is a draft of our RTC in the Maxwell case. If you have time to look at it, we'd love any 
 comments you might have. 
 In terms of timing, we have to file a joint proposed RTC on October 27, so we are thinking of sending this to the defense a 
 week or so before that. 
 EFTA00032748
Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 Saint Andrews Plaza 
 New York, New York 10007 
 EFTA00032749
From: BOBBI C STERNHEI \ 1 
 To: 
 Cc: Christian Everdell , Laura Mennin er 
 , Jeff Pagliuca 
 Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
 Date: Mon, 18 Oct 2021 21:50:38 +0000 
 Attachments: Response_to_Govt_voir dire_opposition.pdf; ATT00001.htm 
 Good afternoon-
 Attached is a courtesy copy of today's ECF filing. 
 Bobbi 
 EFTA00032750
From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Monday, July 27, 2020 11:55 AM 
 To: (OIG) < 
 . (NY) (FBI) < 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Sign in SHU 
 (NY) (OGA) (FBI) <I>; 
 Thank you. The record came from Associate Warden Will you please reach out to her, give her the 
 standard voluntariness warning, and ask her where the sign came from? Can you please ask how she got it, whether she 
 took it from the SHU, and when. Can you also ask who created it and hung it up? It is possible she was given this 
 document by someone else and won't know the answer to the majority of these questions. If that's the case, we'll want 
 to find out who had the sign / who knows the information and interview that person. If, on the other hand, she is 
 knowledgeable about the sign (including why it was hung and who took it down and when), and I will want to 
 interview her by phone. Of course, do a 302/MOI. Thanks very much and let us know if you have any questions. 
 From: . (OIG) 
 Sent: Monday, July 27, 2020 10:53 AM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 . (NY) (FBI) < 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Sign in SHU 
 No problem, just let me know 
 >; 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 New York Field Office 
 One Battery Park Plaza, 29th Floor 
 New York, NY 10004 
 (Office) 
 (Cell Phone) 
 From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Monday, July 27, 2020 10:40 AM 
 To: (OIG) < 
 . (NY) (FBI) <I 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Sign in SHU 
 (NY) (OGA) (FBI) 
 (NY) (OGA) (FBI) <I>; 
 Ok, thanks. We've asked the FOIA attorney who was the custodian of this record, and once we know, we're going to need 
 to interview that person, which we may ask you to facilitate. 
 From: . (OIG) 
 Sent: Monday, July 27, 2020 10:39 AM 
 To: (USANYS) >; (NY) (OGA) (FBI) a; 
 . (NY) (FBI) <a> 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Sign in SHU 
 EFTA00031995
LAW orFucts 
 SCOTT A. SREBNICK, P.A. 
 SCOTT A. SREBNICK' 
 , 
 ALSO ADMITTED IN NEW YORK 
 December 2, 2019 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 Re: United States v. Michael Avenatti 
 Case No. Si 19 Cr 373 (PGG) 
 Gentlemen: 
 201 S. Biscayne Boulevard 
 Salle 1210 
 Miami, Florida 33131 
 Tel 305-285-9019 
 Far 305-377-9937 
 sco0€'srcbnicklawcom 
 write subakklatecom 
 On behalf of Mr. Avenatti, we make the request below pursuant to Rule 16(a)(1)(EXi) and 
 the government's obligations under the Due Process Clause, Brady v. Maryland, 373 U.S. 83 
 (1963), Giglio v. United States, 405 U.S. 150 (1972), and their progeny. This request is meant to 
 direct the government's attention to specific evidence. It is not intended to be a substitute for 
 general categories of evidence that the government is otherwise required to produce under the Due 
 Process Clause and the above authorities (e.g., plea agreements, deferred prosecution agreements, 
 non -prosecution agreements, promises and benefits to witnesses, threatened charges against 
 witnesses, etc.), all of which we request as well. 
 On Saturday, November 30, 2019, the New York Times ("Times") published an 
 investigative report entitled "Jeffrey Epstein, Blackmail, and a Lucrative 'Hot List'." See 
 httns://www.nvtimes.com/2019/11/30/business/david-boies-pottinger-ieffrev -eostein-
 videos.html. The Times reported about an agreement between David Boies, the founder of the 
 Boies Schiller Flexner ("BSF") law firm and its Chairman and Managing Partner since 1997, and 
 attorney John Stanley Pottinger, to purchase what they believed to be videos secretly made by 
 Jeffrey Epstein of famous wealthy men engaged in sexual activities with different women at 
 Epstein's residence. The videos were supposedly in the possession of a man who identified himself 
 to Boies as Patrick Kessler. Because the videos were purportedly made at Epstein's direction, 
 Boles and Pottinger undoubtedly believed that at least some of the videos constituted evidence of 
 serious criminal sex offenses targeting minors. The Times's reporting suggests that Boies and 
 Pottinger were plotting to use the videos to secure multi-million-dollar payoffs from these wealthy 
 men in exchange for confidentiality (i.e., concealing the videos from law enforcement and the 
 public), in part by entering into agreements to be retained by the actual alleged abusers. The 
 evidence further suggests that Boies had no idea whether any of his current clients (alleged Epstein 
 victims) were depicted in the videos, but that did not matter to Boies because, as the Times 
 EFTA00032751
suggests, even in the absence of clients, Boies and Pottinger were planning to utilize the illicit 
 videos to obtain multi-million-dollar settlements from the wealthy men. 
 This conduct was the subject of Episode 22 of The Weekly, a television series of the Times, 
 which airs on FX and Hulu. Episode 22, which aired a few days ago, included interviews of Boies 
 and Pottinger. See httos://www.nvtimes.com/2019/11/29/the-weekly/ieffrev-eostein-secret-
 videos.html. The interviews confirmed that the purpose of the plan was to get these wealthy men 
 to pay money in exchange for what Boies described in his interview as "peace." The "peace" 
 meant burying evidence of criminal conduct from the public (and presumably law enforcement). 
 As described, Mr. Boies's conduct amounts to conspiracy to commit extortion, as 
 interpreted by the USAO-SDNY. In furtherance thereof (i. e., one of several overt acts), Boies and 
 Pottinger sought to enlist the assistance of the press as part of their scheme and invited reporters 
 from the Times to meet Kessler at the BSF office in Manhattan. According to the Times, "[tjhe 
 threat of [a) major news organization writing about the videos - and confirming the existence of 
 an extensive surveillance apparatus — could greatly enhance the lawyers' leverage over the wealthy 
 men." The conduct, as described, would appear to also violate other criminal statutes, including 
 18 U.S.C. §§2252 and 2252A. Venue for this conduct plainly exists in the Southern District of 
 New York. 
 As you know, BSF lawyers were the ones who reported Mr. Avenatti's alleged scheme to 
 extort Nike to federal law enforcement and the USAO-SDNY. Based on our prior conversations 
 with you, it is clear that one or more BSF lawyers will be witnesses at Mr. Avenatti's trial. 
 Evidence that their boss and law partner David Boies may have engaged in the above-described 
 conduct — and could potentially be prosecuted by the USAO-SDNY — is highly relevant to the 
 motives of the testifying BSF lawyers to curry favor with the government. After all, Boies is 
 known to be a chief rainmaker at the BSF firm and his reputation has been essential to the success 
 of BSF. Indeed, if Boies were indicted for this conduct, the partners at BSF would surely suffer a 
 substantial financial impact. 
 Accordingly, we demand any evidence in the possession of the USAO-SDNY 
 pertaining to David Boies's conduct as described in the Times report and Episode 22 of The 
 Weekly. We further demand disclosure of whether Boies or any other members of his law 
 firm are under federal investigation for the conduct described in the Times report and The 
 Weekly. And if not, why not? 
 Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter. 
 Respectfully, 
 SCOTT A. SREBNICK 
 JOSE M. QUINON 
 EFTA00032752
U.S. Department of Justice 
 United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 The Si!lo J. Mollo Building 
 One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, New York 10007 
 December 5, 2019 
 BY EMAIL 
 Scott A. Srebnick, Esq. 
 201 South Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 1210 
 Miami, FL 33131 
 Scott@srebnicklaw.com 
 Re: United States v. Michael Avenatti, 
 Si 19 Cr. 373 (PGG) 
 Dear Mr. Srebnick: 
 We write in response to your letter dated December 2, 2019, which requests certain 
 information in light of a New York Times article dated November 30, 2019 concerning Jeffrey 
 Epstein and alleged videos, and Episode 22 of The Weekly, a television series of the New York 
 Times, concerning the same. 
 In your letter, you cite Federal Rule of Evidence 16(a)(1)(E)(i), the Due Process Clause, 
 Brady v. Maryland, 373 U.S. 83 (1963), Giglio v. United States, 405 U.S. 150 (1972), and their 
 progeny. However, insofar as your request is premised on the proposition that, as you stated in 
 the email enclosing your letter, the information you seek may constitute impeachment material of 
 potential Government witnesses associated with Boies Schiller Flexner LLP ("BSF"), we 
 understand it to be a request solely for impeachment material under Giglio and its progeny. As 
 you are aware, the defendant is not entitled to such material at this time (nor has the Government 
 yet determined precisely which witnesses it will call at trial). Rather, the parties have previously 
 agreed, in writing, that the Government will provide such material, if any exists, on or before 
 January 14, 2020. We are aware of our obligation in this respect, and intend to comply timely. 
 In any event, to the extent that we understand your request, we do not agree that you are 
 entitled to what you seek, assuming arguendo that it exists, and assuming further that the 
 prosecution team (which is not on any Jeffrey Epstein-related investigation) both had it and was 
 at liberty to provide it. See generally United States v. Agurs, 427 U.S. 97, 109 n.16 (1976). We 
 also note that Scott Wilson, Esq. has moved from BSF to DLA Piper. Notwithstanding this view, 
 we are available to confer at your convenience regarding your request, to ensure that we understand 
 it fully, and in the interest of seeking to narrow or moot potential disputes in advance of trial. 
 Please be advised, however, that irrespective of the resolution of your request, we expect 
 that we would object to you offering any evidence or argument concerning the above-referenced 
 allegations, including during your opening statement or in cross-examination, as both improper 
 06.20.2018 
 EFTA00032753
Page 2 
 and inflammatory. We accordingly request that, if you intend to raise such allegations in any form 
 before the jury, you either move in !amine on the present schedule, or, if you have not yet decided 
 your position, you inform us sufficiently advance of trial so that we may confer further and then 
 the matter may be raised with the Court. If you do not agree with this request, please advise us. 
 Very truly yours, 
 GEOFFREY S. BERMAN 
 United States Attorney 
 By: 
 Assistant United States Attorneys 
 06.20.2018 
 EFTA00032754
From: ' (USANYS)" czi 
 To: "11.16.1().OGA) (FBI)" -1 
 (FBI)" 
 Cc: ' USANYS " , " 
 Subject: Response to Epstein Touhy Requests 
 Date: Tue, 03 Sep 2019 16:08:11 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: 8.20.19_Epstein_Letter_to_FBI-c2.pdf 
 • (NY) 
 (USANYS)" 
 Hey guys — 
 AUSA in our Civil Division and copied here, is handling the Touhy requests from Epstein's lawyers and wanted to 
 make sure that he spoke with the right FBI POC about the request to FBI (attached). Could you provide us with the 
 contact information for Thanksl 
 EFTA00032755
From: ' (USANYS)" 
 To: (NY) (FBI)" c fbi.gov> 
 Subject: RE: Time to chat? 
 Date: Thu, 05 Dec 2019 21:25:08 +0000 
 Running a few minutes late—would 445 work? 
 From: NY) (FBI) .el@fbi.gov> 
 Sent: Thursday, December 5, 2019 1:37 PM 
 To: (USANYS)
 Subject: Time to chat? 
 Hi Ted, 
 Any time this afternoon for a quick status call on Epstein? 
 On Nov 25, 2019 3:29 PM, " (USANYS)" 
 Let me know if you have a few minutes to connect later today or tomorrow. Thanks 
 U.S. Attorney's Office for the 
 Southern District of New York 
 Tel. 
 > wrote: 
 EFTA00032756
From: 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 (USANYS)"  
 (USANYS)"  
 (USANYS)"  
 [=. 
 Subject: RE: Question re AJN/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 Date: Wed, 16 Jun 2021 15:58:13 +0000 
 Attachments: 2019-02-28,_JE,_letter re_all_writs_act_application,_15_Civ_7433_(RWS).pdf; 2019-02-
 28, JEJetter_re_all_writs_act_application,_17_Civ_0616_(SN).pdf 
 Pottinger was a lawyer at Boies Schiller who represented the plaintiff in the civil action. 
 The two letters we submitted in connection with our All Writs Application are attached. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Wednesday, June 16, 2021 11:53 AM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Question re A1N/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 Another Q: who's Stan Pottinger? 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Wednesday, lune 16, 2021 10:53 AM 
 To: (USANYS)  
 Cc: (USANYS) <a> 
 Subject: RE: Question re A1N/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Wednesday, June 16, 2021 10:40 AM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) <a> 
 Subject: RE: Question re A1N/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 Can I see our original application to Judge Sweet? And I assume there was no transcript before Judge S? 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 15, 2021 5:45 PM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 Cc: (USANYS) (USANYS) < 
 Subject: RE: Question re A1N/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 In the spirit of completeness, I'm also attaching their replies. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 15, 2021 5:20 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: Re: Question re A1N/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 (USANYS) < 
 EFTA00032757
Goodness! 
 Associate U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 On Jun 15, 2021, at 5:06 PM, (USANYS) < wrote: 
 She filed 12 (!!) separate MOLs as a way to evade the Court's page limits. Defense attorneys have started doing that 
 over the last few years. 
 From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 15, 2021 4:25 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS); 
 Subject: RE: Question re AJN/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 Dumb Q: why does Maxwell have two memos of law? 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 15, 2021 2:19 PM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 Cc: (USANYS)<>; 
 Subject: RE: Question re AJN/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 (USANYS) < 
 (USANYS) < 
 Per our discussion, I am attaching: (1) Maxwell's two briefs raising the suppression argument; (2) the transcript of the 
 McMahon proceedings and her opinion (Ex D, E, G); (3) our brief (see pp 59-115); and (4) the exhibits we attached to our 
 motion (Ex 4-7). Judge Nathan has said that she will resolve the suppression motions "at a later time" ahead of trial. 
 Thanks very much. 
 From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 15, 2021 10:09 AM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: Question re AJN/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 Sure, set a time other than 2:00. I'm in the office. Or Webex 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Tuesday, June 15, 2021 9:11AM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 Cc: (USANYS); 
 Subject: Question re AJN/Maxwell Suppression Hearing 
 Hi=, 
 (USANYS) < 
 (USANYS) < 
 EFTA00032758
We had an issue come up related to the upcoming suppression hearing (no date set yet, although we expect one) 
 related to Rossmiller/Kramer that we'd like your thoughts on. Let us know a convenient time to stop by over the next 
 few days, thanks. 
 Chief, Public Corruption Unit 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032759
From: "MMIE> 
 To:'
 Subject: Re: 
 Date: Tue, 22 Jun 2021 14:46:43 +0000 
 Got it — yes, might have a question or two for you later. 
 > On Jun 22, 2021, at 10:45 AM, C •ttIMIE> wrote: 
 > No but we had a direct phone number. It was not without challenges — happy to discuss anytime if useful. We 
 also had an online portal and tweeted, inviting victims to contact FBI and/or us. 
 > Sent from my iPhone 
 >> On Jun 22, 2021, at 10:39 AM, CIIMIN> wrote: 
 >> Did you all have an email box set up for victims to contact you for Epstein/Maxwell? 
 EFTA00032760
I re-read the FBI 302s and the DOJ OIG MOls. There was no mention of any signage, posters, written unique instructions, 
 or anything that fit the description of what was provided from you. 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 Office of the Inspector General 
 New York Field Office 
 One Battery Park Plaza, 29th Floor 
 New York, NY 10004 
 (Office) 
 (Cell Phone) 
 From: (USANYS) < 
 Sent: Sunday, July 26, 202011:11 PM 
 To: . (NY) (OGA) (FBI) 
 -. (OIG) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: Sign in SHU 
 Hi folks, 
 (NY) (FBI) < >; 
 I have a recollection that when we were interviewing employees at the MCC, one or more individuals told us there was a 
 sign posted in the SHU that said to do your checks on Epstein. If memory serves, we never recovered the document. But 
 last week we got a production of records from the BOP as part of FOIA litigation that included the attached. Can you 
 remind us (a) if there was in fact some employee who told us about this sign — I haven't looked at all the 302s and MOls, 
 and (b) of anything we did to try to get this sign previously (if we did in fact make inquiries). 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 One St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, New York 10007 
 Tel: 
 Cell: 
 EFTA00031996
From: ' (USANYS)" ctl 
 To: (USANYS)"  fr" 
 Subject: RE: June 25 Production in Epstein FOIA 
 Date: Wed, 23 Jun 2021 15:55:33 +0000 
 HIM, 
 Closing the loop on this—did the interview happen yesterday? We're good to go with the June 25 production from your 
 perspective, right? Do you want to see the production before it goes out? 
 Thanks, 
 From: (USANYS) <> 
 Sent: Sunday, June 13, 2021 10:36 PM 
 To: (USANYS) I 
 Subject: RE: June 25 Production in Epstein FOIA 
 Sounds fine. Scheduled for June 17 and 22. And if by chance something would get rescheduled, I think we could still go 
 ahead with the production, I'd just want to confirm with supervisors. 
 From: (USANYS)
 Sent: Sunday, June 13, 2021 7:31 PM 
 To: (USANYS)
 Subject: June 25 Production in Epstein FOIA 
 HIM, 
 Just checking in—BOP currently has a deadline of June 25 to produce documents without any redactions based on Noel in 
 the Epstein FOIA. Is everything on track in Noel for that date to still work? As in, all interviews or any other processes that 
 could support 7(A) withholdings will be wrapped up by June 25, right? 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 300 Quarropas Street 
 White Plains, NY 10601 
 Telephone: 
 EFTA00032761
From: 
 )" 
 To: ' 
 " 
 Subject: doe review 
 Date: Fri, 13 Aug 2021 14:25:13 +0000 
 Hi 
 Thanks for all your work helping to review documents, it's a big help to the case. As we discussed, there's another set of 
 emails that we've batched out, and it would be great if you could help by taking a few batches — I'm reviewing as well. The 
 batches are under the Epstein SW database, but let me know if you have any issues finding them. As before, this review is 
 just for "hot docs." These items have already been produced in discovery. 
 Thanks! 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032762
From: "Kristina.L.Hendrickson 
 To: .cj 
 Subject: Invitation to view the folder "Epstein (Kristina Hendrickson)" 
 Date: Sat, 13 Jul 2019 17:57:09 +0000 
 Inline-Images: ATT00001.png 
 .\r,IFF "iKAN 
 EXPRESS 
 AMEXDRIVE 
 Invitation to view shared folder 
 Kristina Hendrickson used AmexDrive to share a folder with you. To view the 
 shared folder, click on the button below. 
 I 111.1"; ET 
 Sharing expires on Jul 12, 2020 
 We will be happy to answer any questions you may have. 
 The AmexDrive Team 
 https://square.americanexpress.comfoommunity/toolscrocramsfamexclrive 
 EFTA00032763
American Express made the following annotations 
 "This message and any attachments are solely for the intended recipient and may contain confidential or privileged 
 information. If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, use, or distribution of the information 
 included in this message and any attachments is prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, 
 please notify us by reply e-mail and immediately and permanently delete this message and any attachments. Thank 
 you." 
 American Express a ajoute le commentaire suivant le 
 Ce courrier et toute piece jointe qu'il contient sont reserves au seul destinataire indique et peuvent renfermer des 
 renseignements confidentiels et privilegies. Si vous n'etes pas le destinataire ptevu, toute divulgation, duplication, 
 utilisation ou distribution du courrier ou de toute piece jointe est interdite. Si vous avez recu cette communication 
 par erreur, veuillez nous en aviser par courrier et detruire immediatement le courrier et les pieces jointes. Merci. 
 EFTA00032764
From: 
 )" c> 
 To: '
 Subject: RE: Epstein Relativity Questions 
 Date: Tue, 20 Apr 2021 20:46:38 +0000 
 H 
 Thank you so much for checking in. Yes, please mark those types of issues as "For Further Review". And please let me 
 know if any other questions come up. 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, April 20, 2021 4:27 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: Epstein Relativity Questions 
 > 
 I just had a quick question about how to mark a couple of these documents. For some reason USPV00341820-26 were 
 blank. I tried clicking image and extracted text and those didn't help. Also, for the documents USVP00341831-51, skipping 
 some here and there, they said "Browser does not support this multimedia format". I marked all of these "For further 
 review", is this how you want them marked or do you want me to change that to something else? 
 Thank you, 
 EFTA00032765
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 221 Filed 04/20/21 Page 1 of 5 
 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
 SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
 United States of America, 
 —v—
 Ghislaine Maxwell, 
 Defendant. 
 USDC SDNY 
 DOCUMENT 
 ELECTRONICALLY FILED 
 DOC 0: 
 DATE FILED:  4/20/21 
 20-CR-330 (MN) 
 ORDER 
 ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: 
 Last summer, the Court scheduled trial in this matter to commence on July 12, 2021. The 
 Government filed an S2 Superseding Indictment on March 29, 2021. Dkt. No. 187. The new 
 indictment alleges that the conspiracies charged in Counts I and 3 extended to 2004 (the S1 
 charged through 1997) and identifies a fourth alleged victim, Minor Victim-4. It also adds two 
 new charges: Count 5 of the S2 Indictment charges Maxwell with participating in a sex 
 trafficking conspiracy between 2001 and 2004, and Count 6 charges Maxwell with participating 
 in the sex trafficking of a minor or aiding and abetting the same. Id. 
 Since the filing of the S2 indictment, the parties have argued in letters whether its 
 additional charges and extended timeframe necessitates an adjournment of the trial date. Dkt. 
 Nos. 192, 199, and 202. Maxwell has also indicated that she either is requesting or will request a 
 renewed bail hearing in light of the filing of the S2. In Maxwell's most recent letter, she 
 expressly requests an adjournment of the scheduled July 12 trial date, though the scope of the 
 request is unclear. Dkt. No. 202. The letter first argues that a 90-day adjournment is necessary. 
 But it also states that some of her defense counsel are not available between September and 
 December 2021, implying that the request is in fact to adjourn until January 2022. The 
 Government opposes the request for adjournment and any request for a renewed bail hearing. 
 EFTA00032766
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 221 Filed 04/20/21 Page 2 of 5 
 After the parties submitted these letters, the Court issued its Opinion & Order denying 
 Maxwell's motions to dismiss the SI indictment on multiple grounds. Dkt. No. 207. The Court 
 also granted severance as to the perjury counts. Both the denial of the motions to dismiss and the 
 severance of the perjury counts are relevant to the requests for a bail hearing and for an 
 adjournment of the trial date. The Court addresses both in this Order. 
 First, the request for a renewed bail hearing is denied. The Court held an original bail 
 hearing on July 14, 2020. After extensive argument and presentation of information, the Court 
 found that no conditions or combination of conditions could reasonably assure the Defendant's 
 appearance as required, determining as a result that Maxwell was a flight risk and that detention 
 without bail was warranted under 18 U.S.C. § 3142(e)(1). Dkt. No. 23. The Court based its 
 conclusion on the presumption in favor of detention, 18 U.S.C. § 3142(e)(3), and its weighing of 
 the 18 U.S.C. § 3142(g) factors, including the nature and circumstances of the offense charged, 
 the weight of the evidence, and Maxwell's history and characteristics. Since that time, Maxwell 
 has twice sought reconsideration of the Court's original bail determination and offered different 
 bail packages and proposed conditions of release. The Court carefully considered those requests 
 and denied them in written Orders, concluding that none of the new information had any material 
 bearing on the Court's original conclusion and that the Government again met its burden of 
 establishing that Maxwell poses a substantial risk of flight and that no conditions or combination 
 of conditions could reasonably assure her appearance as required. Dkt. Nos. 106, 169. 
 Maxwell now seeks a new bail hearing at which "witnesses [would] testify regarding the 
 purported strength of the government's case." Dkt. No. 192 at 3. The request is denied. The S2 
 Indictment raises no issues that warrant reconsideration of the Court's prior bail determinations. 
 On the contrary, the new charges contained in the S2 indictment as well as the Court's resolution 
 EFTA00032767
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 221 Filed 04/20/21 Page 3 of 5 
 of the pre-trial motions strengthen, rather than weaken, the Court's prior conclusions regarding 
 flight risk. Maxwell is entitled to appeal that detention determination, and she is exercising that 
 right. But it does not follow that the new charges call for the Court to revisit its three prior bail 
 determinations. Further, the Court will not hold an evidentiary hearing in which the strength of 
 the Government's case is tested. "It is well established in this circuit that proffers are 
 permissible both in the bail determination and bail revocation contexts." United States v. 
 LaFontaine, 210 F.3d 125, 131 (2d Cir. 2000). Before making its prior bail determinations, the 
 Court scrutinized, among the other relevant factors, the Government's proffer and concluded that 
 the proffered case was strong. The ultimate merits of the Government's case will be tested at 
 trial in front of a jury. In the meantime, it is the Court's obligation to ensure that the case 
 proceed to that trial as expeditiously as possible, taking into account the interests of justice and 
 all relevant circumstances. The Court is obligated to consider what is in the best interest of the 
 public and the defendant in considering whether delay is appropriate. See 18 U.S.C. 
 §3161(h)(7)(A). Moreover, the Crime Victims' Rights Act provides a right "to proceedings free 
 from unreasonable delay." 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(7). 
 This leads directly to the question of the specific start date of trial and Maxwell's request 
 for an adjournment. As a preliminary matter, the Court provides the following important 
 information. Although last summer the Court set trial to commence on July 12, 2021, currently 
 the precise start date of any trial in the Southern District of New York is not within the control of 
 the presiding judge. SDNY is still operating under special protocols for jury selection during the 
 COVID-19 pandemic. Because of a limited number of reconfigured courtrooms and spaces large 
 enough to hold jury selection and trial safely, the protocols centralize the scheduling of access to 
 juries and reconfigured courtrooms pursuant to an established protocol for trial priority. The 
 EFTA00032768
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 221 Filed 04/20/21 Page 4 of 5 
 deadline to submit requests for jury selection dates in the third quarter of 2021 is May 15. 
 Following the submission of requests, the Clerk's Office will assign jury selection dates 
 according to a protocol that has rules of priority. For example, criminal jury trials requesting a 
 particular jury selection date are given priority over civil jury trials requesting that same date. 
 Criminal trials involving detained defendants are given priority over criminal trials in which 
 defendants are not detained pre-trial. Among detained defendants, cases that set trial dates prior 
 to March 16, 2020 get priority. For any detained defendants whose trial date was set after March 
 16, 2020, priority is based upon who has been detained the longest. Absent a grant of an 
 adjournment, by May 15, the Court will request a jury selection date as close to July 12, 2021 as 
 possible. Once a jury selection date is assigned by the Clerk's Office, that date is firm. As of 
 now, the parties should presume that trial will commence on a date close to July 12 (depending 
 on trial demand and the order of priority) and plan accordingly. 
 With this information in mind, the Court seeks confirmation and express clarification 
 from defense counsel for three reasons. First, Maxwell's request for an adjournment came 
 before the Court ruled on the pending motions, including the Court's granting of Maxwell's 
 request to sever the perjury counts. Trial on the non-perjury counts will proceed first, which will 
 shorten preparations for and the length of trial on the non-perjury counts. Second, Maxwell's 
 request was ambiguous as to the length of adjournment being requested. As noted, the letter 
 argued a 90-day adjournment was necessary but also suggested that some number of her defense 
 counsel would not be available until January 2022. And third, by this Order the Court denies 
 Maxwell's request for a renewed bail hearing. All of these factors may influence Maxwell's 
 adjournment request. 
 EFTA00032769
Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 221 Filed 04/20/21 Page 5 of 5 
 Accordingly, the Court hereby ORDERS counsel for the Defendant to file written 
 answers to the following specific questions by 12:00 p.m. on Thursday, April 22, 2021: 
 1. Does defense counsel continue to seek an adjournment of the July 12th start date for 
 trial on the non-perjury counts? 
 2. If the answer to question 1 is yes, what is the specific request being made as to length 
 of adjournment? In particular, is the request for a 90-day adjournment? An 
 adjournment until January 2022? Or something else? The Court requires a specific 
 request be made and justified or it will not be considered. 
 If Maxwell continues to seek an adjournment, the Government may submit any response 
 by 5:00 pm on April 22, 2021. The Court will consider the submissions and resolve 
 expeditiously. As noted, however, unless and until an adjournment is specifically requested and 
 granted, the parties shall assume that the Court will request a jury selection date as close to July 
 12' h as possible and shall plan accordingly. 
 SO ORDERED. 
 Dated: April 20, 2021 
 New York, New York ALISON J. NATHAN 
 United States District Judge 
 EFTA00032770
Page 0684 
 Office of the Warden 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 Federal Bureau of Prisons 
 Metropolitan Correctional Center 
 150 Park Row 
 New York. New York 10007 
 January 27, 2020 
 MEMORANDUM FOR HUGH J. HURWITZ, ASSISISTANT DIRECTOR, 
 REENTRY SERVICES DIVISION 
 FROM: 
 SUBJECT: 
 icon -Vitale, Warden, MCC New York 
 Institution Response to Psychological Reconstruction 
 Inmate Epstein, Jeffrey (76318-054) 
 This is the response to the psychological reconstruction of inmate Epstein, Jeffrey (76318-054) dated 
 December 27, 2019. 
 2. 30 Minute Rounds 
 The substance of the two hour Captain video review and six hour 1DO video review is unclear. Please clarify 
 the requirement for the Captain and IDO. Additionally, please identify the documentation used to maintain 
 accountability of the reviews. 
 Institution Response: 
 Video review requirements have been instituted by NERO. Specifically, on Tuesday of each week, the 
 institution is notified by NERO of the date, time, and SHU range in which to download video. The video is a 
 two hour block. The video is to be reviewed by the Captain. During the reviews the Captain is looking for 
 strict adherence to the requirements that rounds be conducted at least once during every 30-minute period, not to 
 exceed 40 minutes between rounds and that all scheduled counts are being conducted in the SHU. The Captain 
 will then submit an assurance memo to the institutional executive staff and Correctional Services Administrator 
 (CSA) indicating the designated video footage was reviewed, and corrective actions which were taken for any 
 deficiencies noted. This memorandum will be submitted to the Regional Office by COB on Friday of that same 
 week. Institutional Duty Officers (IDOs) are required to review 6 hours of SHU video. The surveillance 
 footage is downloaded by the institutional SIA and a compact disk is provided to the 1DOs for review. The 
 IDOs are reviewing the video for accuracy of the 30 minute rounds. All reviews are documented in the weekly 
 113O Report. 
 1 
 EFTA00031997
From: 
 "
 To:' 
 aMIIM> 
 Cc: 'YS)" a . 
 Subject: Letter/suppression issue 
 Date: Wed, 21 Apr 2021 15:00:19 +0000 
 Attachments: 2021-04-21_Govtresponse_to_April_19_Order.docx 
 H 
 Attached is the rough draft of the letter — thanks so much for your guidance on this. If you happen to have any 
 edits/comments, that would be much appreciated. We're filing it at 5 today. 
 Thanks, 
 EFTA00032771
From: 
 < INIMI> 
 To:' 
 " alME> 
 . 
 Cc: "  . , H'IMIE  iL1ANYS)" 
 Subject: Re: 
 Date: Wed, 21 Apr 2021 18:45:58 +0000 
 We are pretty much open on all of those dates. Preferably a 12 noon start or later works best. 
 On Apr 21, 2021, at 14:23, 
 Team, 
 <a> wrote: 
 Mi is available for a follow-up interview by video on the following dates: May 3, 4 (before 2pm), 5, 6, 12, 13 or 
 14. Please let me know what works for everyone. 
 Thanks, 
 EFTA00032772
Empty content found in page 862
Empty content found in page 863
Empty content found in page 864
Empty content found in page 865
Empty content found in page 866
Empty content found in page 867
Empty content found in page 868
Empty content found in page 869
Page 0685 
 Documentation exists reflecting the role of the local Psychology Services department in communicating the 
 importance of Mr. Epstein's status as a sex offender with specific needs to the Associate Warden. This includes 
 consultation with the Psychology Services Branch in Central Office. The communication chain and decision 
 making of Executive Staff lacks transparency as there is no documentation of the process or staff members 
 present when decisions were made about the housing of Mr. Epstein. After the fact explanations may not 
 accurately reflect what occurred. 
 Institution Response: 
 As was noted, there was no documentation indicating Psychology Services was present when housing decisions 
 were made regarding Mr. Epstein. Psychology services is present at the weekly SHU meeting, Executive Staff 
 meetings, and weekly Opening and Close-Out meetings. During these meetings, the Chief Psychologist or 
 Acting Chief Psychologist are present to provide recommendations and feedback to the Executive Staff on 
 housing concerns regarding inmates with mental health issues or risk factors for suicidality. When an inmate 
 presents with unique risk factors associated with individuals who have been charged with and/or convicted of a 
 sex offense, careful evaluation is made with regard to housing these inmates with appropriate cellmates. 
 Moving forward, a plan has been established to have a sign-in sheet and checklist at these meetings where 
 housing issues are addressed, indicating who was present and what the housing plan is for these inmates with 
 psychological concerns. These checklists will be maintained in a binder by the Associate Warden of Programs. 
 Please see the attached checklist. 
 4. Documentation Accuracy 
 Professional responsibility requires taking into account multiple descriptions of an incident as noted 
 in your response. However, when discrepancies exist these should be compiled and noted in 
 documentation to decrease the likelihood of conflicting conclusions. 
 As noted in the reconstruction report, an incident report must be written within 24 hours of having 
 the information that an inmate likely violated BOP rules. An incident report was written for Mr. 
 Epstein prior to a determination of whether he engaged in self-directed violence or was assaulted on 
 July 23, 2019. Staff had ample time to wait for the outcome of the SIS investigation of this incident. 
 The incident report presumed self-directed violence, although SIS was not able to determine whether 
 this incident was self-directed violence or an assault. Generating the incident report for self-directed 
 violence is evidence of a local bias about the July 23, 2019, incident that still exists amongst some 
 staff at MCC New York. Preconceived notions challenge the ability to remain open about alternative 
 explanations, and subsequent systemic changes may be needed. 
 Please develop and provide local training for all staff that at a minimum reviews the time frame for 
 writing incident reports and offers guidance when there is not clear evidence of an infraction. Include 
 an outline of the training and evidence of staff who attended the training. 
 Institution Response: 
 Additional information (slides) has been included in our Annual Training presentations for Report Writing. In 
 addition to the established training, the slides further differentiate and provide guidance to staff regarding when 
 it is appropriate to write an Incident Report and when, in cases of a lack of evidence, a memorandum is more 
 appropriate. The additional information is being provided to all staff as a part of Annual Training. Annual 
 Training began the week of January 6, 2020, and will continue through the week of March 8, 2020. 
 2 
 EFTA00031998
Empty content found in page 870
From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM 
 To: <1 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 
 Date: Thu, 22 Apr 2021 19:00:41 +0000 
 Good afternoon-
 I am counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell who will appear in-person tomorrow before Judge Nathan for a 2:30 pm 
 arraignment in Courtroom 24B. 
 I am requesting that Ms. Maxwell not be brought to the Courthouse in the early morning but closer to noon, if 
 possible. 
 The government does not oppose this request. 
 Any accommodation is greatly appreciated. 
 Please contact me with any questions: 
 Thank you-
 Bobbi 
 BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
 Law Offices of Robbi C. Sternheim 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 
 that may be confidential and/or privileged. 
 If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
 If you have received this transmission in envy; please not( the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
 delete this message. Thank you. 
 EFTA00032782
From: ' 
 To: '1 (USANYS
 (USANYS)" 
 Cc: =Mir 
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - [Request for 120 or 180-day Adjournment of Trial] 
 Date: Thu, 22 Apr 2021 20:09:31 +0000 
 Attachments: 2021-04-22 Gov't letter re GM request_for_adjoumment v4.docx: 2021-04- 
 22=Ilietter re -_request_to_file_un—der_seal.docx 
 Thanks very much, Attached please find a revised draft incorporating your edits. I've also attached a draft sealed 
 letter informing AJN of 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 3:06 PM 
 To: 
 ) 
 (USANYS)
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - [Request for 120 or 180-day Adjournment of Trial] 
 Thanks this is well done, and my edits are attached. As you'll see, I suggested 
 >; 
 Happy to look at another version before filing, thanks very much. 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 1:32 PM 
 To: 
 (USANYS) 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - [Request for 120 or 180-day Adjournment of Trial] 
 Draft response attached. 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 12:14 PM 
 To: (USANYS) (USANYS) 
 Cc: 
 Subject: FW: US v. Maxwell - [Request for 120 or 180-day Adjournment of Trial] 
 (USANYS) 
 cc > 
 (USANYS) 
 FYI. Our response is due at 5 today. 
 From: Laura Menninger 
 Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 11:22 AM 
 To: 
 Cc: 14t); 
 (USANYS) >; 
 < 
 >; 
 Jeff Pagliuca 
 ca; 'Bobbi Sternheim 
 EFTA00032783
Y >; Nicole Simmons 
 Subject: US v. Maxwell - [Request for 120 or 180-day Adjournment of Trial] 
 Judge Nathan - 
 Pursuant to this Court's Order of April 20, 2021 (Dkt. 221), attached please find counsel's Letter Motion for an 
 Adjournment of the trial. 
 Counsel for Ms. Maxwell request redaction of their other clients' names and case numbers from this Letter Motion 
 pursuant to Rule of Professional Conduct 1.6 which prohibits lawyers from revealing confidential information related to a 
 client even where that information is publicly available. See In Re. Anonymous, 654 N.E. 2.d. 1128 (Ind. 1995) (lawyer 
 violated Rule 1.6 by disclosing information relating to representation of client, even though information "was readily 
 available from public sources and not confidential in nature"); In re Bryan, 61 P.3d 641 (Kan. 2003) (lawyer violated Rule 
 1.6 by disclosing, in court documents, existence of defamation suit against former client); State ex reL Okla. Bar Ass'n v. 
 McGee, 48 P.3d 787, 791 (Okla. 2002) (a lawyer's duty of confidentiality attaches "to all information relating to the 
 representation, whatever its source"). 
 Upon direction of the Court, counsel will file either the redacted or unredacted version of this letter on the public docket. 
 Best regards, 
 Laura Menninger 
 Laura A. Henninger I Partner 
 Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 
 EFTA00032784
From: 
 To: ' 
 Subject: RE: Request for Assistance - United States v. Maxwell 
 Date: Fri, 23 Apr 2021 19:35:13 +0000 
 Good afternoon, 
 Following up on the below, is there a time when you would be available for a call, please? 
 Thank you, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, April 19, 2021 2:37 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: Request for Assistance - United States v. Maxwell 
 Good afternoon, 
 I am one of the federal prosecutors handling the prosecution of Jeffrey Epstein's co-conspirator, Ghislaine Maxwell, in the 
 Southern District of New York under case caption United States v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN). and 
 from the FBI provided me with your contact information and suggested you may be able to assist our team in contacting 
 current and former employees of the Palm Beach Police Department who may need to testify at the upcoming trial in our 
 case. In particular, our team expects to introduce evidence gathered during the PBPD's investigation of Epstein in 2005, 
 primarily from the search of Epstein's residence in October 2005, and we will need PBPD witnesses to authenticate that 
 evidence. 
 Would you be available for a call this week to discuss the particular witnesses we are hoping to contact, please? I can be 
 reached any time on my cellphone at and am also happy to schedule a time that is convenient for a call. 
 Thank you very much for your help. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032785
Empty content found in page 875
From: 
 To: '
 Subject: RE: another Maxwell issue 
 Date: Mon, 26 Apr 2021 14:46:01 +0000 
 Attachments: USVP00300765.xlsx 
 Thank you! The issue with production 11 is that defense counsel has expressed difficulty reviewing the metadata on the 
 images contained in the production. In particular, the FBI created the attached spreadsheet, which listed the metadata 
 the FBI was able to extract from the images, but defense counsel has indicated they have no way of knowing which bates 
 numbered image in the production corresponds with which row in the spreadsheet. I'm hoping there's something in the 
 production we can point them to that will help them match up each bates number with each row in the spreadsheet. 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, April 26, 2021 10:33 AM 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: another Maxwell issue 
 3 PM would be fine. Please send me the conference call information. 
 Thank you. 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, April 26, 2021 9:59 AM 
 To: 
 Subject: Re: another Maxwell issue 
 < 
 I'll be stuck in a meeting at 2pm. Would 3pm or later work, please? 
 On Apr 26, 2021, at 9:35 AM, > wrote: 
 How about 2 PM today? I can have the vendor on the call as well to discuss production 11. Do you have any 
 information regarding the issue with production 11? 
 Please send conference call information. 
 Thank you. 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, April 23, 2021 6:31 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: another Maxwell issue 
 < 
 How is Monday afternoon? 
 EFTA00032787
From: 
 Sent: Friday, April 23, 202112:14 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: another Maxwell issue 
 Not a problem. Do you know what time you would like to meet and let me know what the issues are regarding the 
 production? 
 Thank you. 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, April 23, 2021 12:10 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: another Maxwell issue 
 Hi=, 
 Would you have time for a call to address another question that has come up regarding the SDNY_PROD011 Maxwell 
 production, please? 
 Thanks, 
 EFTA00032788
From: Nathan NYSD Chambers <a 
 To: "CEverdell®CohenGresser.com" <CEverdell®CohenGressercom>, Jeff Pagliuca 
 <jpagliuca®lunflawcom>, Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>, 
 "meohen@cohengressercom" <mcohen cohen tl sser.com>, bc_stemheimlaw.com 
 <be emheimlawcom>, ' 
 (USANYS)" 
 Subject: Order in 20-cr-330, US v Maxwell 
 Date: Fri, 16 Apr 2021 15:42:50 +0000 
 Attachments: 20cr330_Order 4.16.21.pdf 
 Counsel, 
 Please see attached an order in the above-captioned case, which will be entered into the public docket shortly. 
 Respectfully, 
 Law Clerk to the Hon. Alison J. Nathan 
 EFTA00032789
From: ' 
 To: a'iSANlia" 
 Subject: RE: AJN Order - Pretrial Motions 
 Date: Fri, 16 Apr 2021 16:17:05 +0000 
 Attachments: ExhibiLl UProposed_Redactions_Per_Second_Order).pdf; 
 ExhibiLl UProposed_Redactions_Per Order).pdf 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Friday, April 16, 2021 12:03 PM 
 To: 
 a; 
 > 
 Subject: RE: AJN Order - Pretrial Motions 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, April 16, 2021 12:02 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 •c > 
 Subject: RE: MN Order- Pretrial Motions 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Friday, April 16, 2021 11:57 AM 
 To: 
 ) )°c)'; 
 'c M> 
 Subject: AJN Order - Pretrial Motions 
 EFTA00032790
Page 0686 
 5. Telephone Calls 
 As noted in the response. there is a lack of documentation to substantiate that a lieutenant facilitated two 
 telephone calls to Mr. Epstein. However, this does not address the report of two telephone calls being provided. 
 This response implies that the reporting of two staff members is inaccurate. 
 The response neglects the documented telephone call to Mr. Epstein's deceased mother. 
 Institution Response: 
 On August 29, 2019, Warden J. Petrucci, signed a referral related to failure to follow policy in 
 allowing Epstein to complete an unmonitored phone call. The referral was submitted to the Office of Internal 
 Affairs on that same date and is pending further action at this time. 
 7. Follow-Up 
 Please provide documentation for the follow-up training provided to staff detailing the content of the training 
 and to whom it was provided. 
 Institution Response: 
 As recommended by Central Office, the Chief Psychologist has conducted suicide prevention trainings during 
 Department Head Meetings, e-mail correspondence, SHU Staff Trainings, and Lieutenant's Trainings. The 
 follow-up training sign-in sheets, Department Head Meeting Minutes, and e-mails provided by psychology staff 
 regarding PSY ALERT Inmates are attached for your review. 
 8. Inmate Accountability and Assignment Accuracy 
 Periodic and unannounced checks are now conducted in SHU to determine pp30 assignments and actual inmate 
 placement match. Please provide an operational definition of periodic. Please do the same for routine, as it 
 relates Executive Staff bed book counts in all units. Where will the periodic and routine reviews be documented 
 and will they include the identity (e.g., name and title) of staff who complete them? 
 Institution Response: 
 An Executive Staff and Duty Officer schedule has been implemented to conduct daily 4 P.M. and 10 A.M. 
 weekend bed book counts. Any discrepancies noted are documented and sent via email to Unit Mangers and 
 Captain at the conclusion of each count for corrective action. Please see the attached schedule. 
 9. Attorney Log Books 
 Please provide a copy of the log book audit. 
 Institution Response: 
 The audit revealed the Random Visitor Log Book did not reflect visitor pat searches after May 19. 2019. In 
 addition, the log book does not offer a column to annotate a staff witness. The ContractorNolunteer Log 
 Book was not always filled in properly. The Law Enforcement Log Book was up to date; however, the time of 
 departure was not always documented. The Attorney Log was missing inmate register numbers and more often 
 than not was legible. There was no Visitor Denial Log created. The audit conducted on September 25, 2019, is 
 attached for your review. 
 3 
 EFTA00031999
Assistant United States Attorney 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 One St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, New York 10007 
 Tel: 
 EFTA00032791
From: ' 
 < 
 To: Brad Edwards 
 c, 
 Brittany Henderson < 
 Cc: ' " < >, ' (USANYS)" 
 Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
 Date: Mon, 19 Apr 2021 16:29:33 +0000 
 Attachments: 2021.04.19_Scheduling_Orderpdf 
 Brad and Brittany, 
 As an update regarding Friday's conference, I'm attaching a scheduling order with additional information. Could you 
 please let us know by tomorrow whether your client plans to attend, and if so, whether she intends to attend in person or 
 by phone? 
 Thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, April 8, 2021 1:19 PM 
 To: Brad Edwards <a Brittany Henderson <> 
 Cc: (USANYS) 
 Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
 Hi Brad and Brittany, 
 We wanted to let you know that there are two upcoming court appearances in this case: 
 • Judge Nathan has scheduled an in-person arraignment for April 23rd, at 2:30 p.m., in courtroom 24B at 500 Pearl 
 Street. The Court has issued an order noting that further information about public access, including a public dial-in 
 number, will be posted to the docket sheet. 
 • The Second Circuit has scheduled a remote oral argument in connection with the defendant's bail appeal for April 
 26 th at 10 a.m. Second Circuit arguments are livestreamed at the following link: 
 https://ww2.ca2.uscourts.gov/court.html 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 EFTA00032792
From: 
 Subject: FW: Forfeiture Funding Requests - Due 4/26 
 Date: Mon. 19 Apr 2021 18:42:30 +0000 
 Attachments 
 Large_ Case Related Ex enses - E stein Maxwell.docx; FY21 Re uest Form_-
 From: I> 
 Sent: Monday, April 19, 2021 1:23 PM 
 To: 
 Cc 
 EFTA00032793
Subject: Forfeiture Funding Requests - Due 4/26 
 EFTA00032794
M 
 Co -Chief, Money Laundering and Transnational Criminal Enterprises Unit 
 Asset Forfeiture Coordinator 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District 
 EFTA00032795
From: Nicole Simmons 
 To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' < 
 Cc: Jeff Pa liuca Laura Mennin 
 Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in 
 Limine] 
 Date: Tue, 19 Oct 2021 03:40:55 +0000 
 Attachments: Maxwell's Motions_in_Limine.zip 
 Inline-Images: image001.jpg 
 Dear Judge Nathan: 
 At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine and supporting documents. 
 Regards, 
 Nicole Simmons 
 Nicole Simmons 
 Haddon. Morgan and 
 Foreman. P.C. 
 80203 
 www.hmflaw.com 
 EFTA00032796
From: (USANYS)" 
 <M > 
 To: a" S Y S )" • 
 Cc: :a 
 Subject: FW: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
 Date: Fri, 15 Oct 2021 22:28:30 +0000 
 Attachments: Defense_Reply_to_Dkt_350.pdf; 2021.10.15_Decision_re_Legal_Mail_.pdf 
 (USANYS)" 
 Attaching the defense's letter reply and Judge Nathan's endorsement to our letter declining to enter the requested order, 
 but setting forth her "firm expectation" that a defendant in a pre-trial posture like GM will "in most circumstances receive 
 legal mail within approximately 1 business day" and allowing the defense to renew the request "if another delay occurs." 
 From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM 
 Sent: Friday, October 15, 2021 5:55 PM 
 To: (USANYS) 
 Cc: Christian Everdell >; Laura Menninger 
 Subject: (EXTERNAL) U.S. v. Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
 Good afternoon-
 Attached is a courtesy copy of today's ECF 
 Bobbi 
 Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
 BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. 
 New York, NY 10007 
 ; Jeff Pagliuca 
 This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be 
 confidential and/or privileged. 
 If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. 
 If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
 message. Thank you. 
 On Oct 14, 2021, at 7:46 PM, BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com> wrote: 
 EFTA00032797
Good evening-
 Attached is a courtesy copy of this evening's ECF filing. 
 Bobbi 
 EFTA00032798
From: (USANYS)" 
 To: 
 Cc: ' 
 Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL] RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
 Date: Wed, 20 Oct 2021 18:03:03 +0000 
 Attachments: 2021.10.19 Order re October 21 Teleconference.pdf 
 Thanks very much, You and can access tomorrow's conference by calling and dialing access 
 code . Per the attached order from the Court, to the extent others would like to access the conference, they 
 should use the public dial-in provided in the Court's order and using access code 
 Thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 11:11 AM 
 To: (USANYS) < 
 Cc:
 Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL) RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
 Yes my apologies. 
 Get Outlook for iOS 
 will call from her cell . I will call from 
 From: 
 (USANYS) 
 Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 9:06:32 AM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL) RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
 C 
 can you please send along the phone numbers that you and will be using to call into the conference? We 
 need to provide those to the court. Thanks very much. 
 On Oct 18, 2021, at 5:39 PM, > wrote:(USANYS) < 
 Thanks, Can you please let us know the phone numbers from which you both will be calling for the conference 
 this week? We will get back to you on your question about the November 1 conference. 
 Thanks for reaching out about additional meeting times. I will circle back to you with some dates that work for us to 
 meet with 
 Thanks so much, 
 On Oct 18, 2021, at 3:34 PM, > wrote: 
 EFTA00032799
Hello both myself and would like to be on by phone for the October 21st hearing. will not be able to 
 be in NYC on November 1st and she is wondering if there will be a phone option for that hearing as well? 
 also asked if you could give her some dates for additional prep times so she can be ready for the trial. I told her 
 you are of course very busy right now but I am sure will work in some times to meet. 
 Thank you, 
 Partner 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Wednesday, October 13, 2021 11:07 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell 
 I hope all is well. There are two upcoming court appearances in this case: a teleconference on October 21 at 12 pm 
 EST and an in-person pretrial conference on November 1 at 11 am. Can you please let us know tomorrow if 
 plans to listen to the October 21 teleconference? Can you also please let us know if she plans to attend the November 
 1 in-person conference? 
 I'm happy to give you a call tomorrow if there's anything you would like to discuss. 
 Thanks very much, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 One St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, New York 10007 
 Tel: 
 The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that. 
 among other protections. is the subject of attorney-client privilege. attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic 
 message is not the named recipient. or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient. you are hereby notified that any dissernnaten. distribution. 
 copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error. please immediately notify the 
 sender by replying to the electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. (v.1 082018318S9 
 The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that. among 
 other protections. is the subject of attorney-client privilege. attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is riot 
 the named recipient. or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination. distribution. copying or other use 
 of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error. please immediately notify the sender by replyeg to this 
 electronic message and then deleting the electronic message from your computer. (v.1 08201831889 
 EFTA00032800
Page 0687 
 Additional corrective measures will now include the Activities Lieutenant checking all Front Lobby log books. 
 The Captain will ensure these checks are included in the Lieutenant's Daily Log for Day Watch and Evening 
 Watch. In addition, the Activities Lieutenant will address any discrepancies immediately through on the spot 
 training and/or performance log entries. 
 13. Sex Offense Risk Factors 
 Psychologists are subject matter experts in sex offender risk factors and they play a crucial role in sharing this 
 knowledge through traditional settings such as ICT, AT, and institutional meetings. However, Executive Staff 
 play a pivotal role in establishing and addressing institutional culture and promoting and participating in 
 training. A lack of a broad understanding of sex offender specific risk factors requires an intentional training 
 approach led by Executive Staff. They must be out front talking about inmates with a sex offense, expressing an 
 understanding of sex offender dynamics, modeling agency condoned expectations for the understanding and 
 treatment of inmates with a sex offenses, and assisting with institutional trainings. These practices encourage a 
 broader acceptance by line staff. 
 Institution Response: 
 The MCC New York Executive Staff are out front talking about inmates with sex offenses, and expressing an 
 understanding of sex offender dynamics, modeling agency expectations for the understanding and treatment of 
 inmates with sex offenses. This is done through departmental meetings, trainings, staff recalls and walking and 
 talking throughout the institution. 
 ATTACHED DOCUMENTS: 
 Institution Duty Officer Report 
 Cellmate Review 
 Report Writing "Back to Basics Training" 
 SHU Suicide Prevention Training 
 Department Head Meeting minutes 
 PSY ALERT inmates 
 Bed Book Count Schedule (Exec Staff/IDO) 
 Bed Book Audit (emails) 
 Log Book Audit 
 Executive Staff List 
 4 
 EFTA00032000
From: (USANYS)"
 To: 
 (USANYS)" 
 Cc: (USANYS)"
 Subject: Re: MCC 
 Date: Sat, 16 Nov 2019 01:53:35 +0000 
 Yes, thanks. We think the union may be the source. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 > On Nov 15, 2019, at 8:47 PM, (USANYS) 
 < MEMIIN> 
 wrote: 
 > No doubt you've seen that the NY Post has an article this evening headlined: "Epstein jail guards had been 
 offered plea deal but declined." 
 > Sent from my iPhone 
 EFTA00032801
From: 
 To: 
 Subject: TC with Reid Weingarten re Epstein 
 Date: The, 19 Nov 2019 20:11:09 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 Reid wants to have a call with and I regarding the indictment and ask questions. I had to get off the phone to join 
 another call but my plan will be to say we can't say much. FYI to Epstein team. 
 EFTA00032802
Event: TC with Reid Weingarten re Epstein 
 Start Date: 2019-11-19 21:30:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2019-11-19 22:00:00 +0000 
 Organizer: (USANYS) 
 Location: RD's office 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Date Created: 2019-11-19 20:45:25 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2019-11-19 20:45:25 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2019-11-19 20:11:06 +0000 
 Attendee: (USANYS) < 
 >;
 Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start 
 Reminder 
 Reid wants to have a call with and I regarding the indictment and ask questions. I had to get 
 off the phone to join another call but my plan will be to say we can't say much. FYI to Epstein 
 team. 
 EFTA00032803
From: The Bloomberg Close <noreplygmail.bloombergbusiness.com> 
 To: <I 
 Subject: Consumer alerts 
 Date: Tue, 19 Nov 2019 22:07:19 +0000 
 Bloomberg 
 Good afternoon. Here's what you need to know to end your day. 
 • The retail mood turned sour on dreary earnings. 
 • People listening in on Trump's Ukraine call said things weren't right. 
 • Want a raise? Move to Texas. 
 Home Depot and Kohl's posted disappointing results, raising doubts 
 about whether American consumers can keep up the spending as the 
 holiday season approaches. 
 • Home Depot's weak performance—comp sales grew 3.6% last 
 quarter versus the 4.6% consensus—was all the more surprising 
 since the company had told investors that the second half of the year 
 would be better. Same-store sales have now trailed projections for 
 three straight quarters 
 • At Kohl's, that metric increased 0.4% in the third quarter, half of 
 what analysts expected. The retailer now says profit ex-items will be 
 $4.75 to $4.95—with the new top of the range 50 cents below the 
 previous outlook 
 • Urban Outfitters reported same-store sales of 3%, which topped 
 the Consensus Metrix estimate but was down from 8% a year ago. 
 Comparable sales at its chains—Urban Outfitters, Free People and 
 Anthropologie—all missed. Shares fell more than 10% in late trading. 
 • And then there was Macy's, which doesn't report until Thursday. It 
 fell 11% after confirming some customers were exposed to a data 
 hack while shopping on its website last month. 
 • TJX had a better day. Shares rose on what MKM's Roxanne Meyer 
 called a "high quality" quarter. She believes the T.J. Maxx and 
 HomeGoods owner will continue to benefit from exceptional 
 products, effective marketing and new customer growth. 
 EFTA00032804
• Stocks ended the day mixed as investors weighed the retail 
 data against new developments in the trade saga. 
 The second week of public impeachment hearings began with two 
 witnesses saying that Trump's Ukraine call was inappropriate. 
 • Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Vindman said the July 25 call 
 between Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr 
 Zelenskiy, which he listened in on, so alarmed him that he reported it 
 to the White House counsel. "It was inappropriate, it was improper 
 for the president to request, to demand an investigation into 
 a political opponent," he said. 
 • Jennifer Williams, a State Department employee assigned to VP 
 Mike Pence's office who also listened in, said the call was outside 
 the bounds of typical presidential interactions since "it involved 
 discussion of what appeared to be a domestic political matter." 
 • Under questioning from Republican staff lawyer Steve Castor, 
 Vindman said he was offered the job as Ukraine's defense minister 
 while on an official trip to that country. Vindman, an immigrant from 
 Ukraine, called the offer "comical," and said he reported it to his 
 superiors. Democrat Jim Himes accused Republicans of seeking to 
 question Vindman's loyalty to the U.S. by raising the matter. 
 • There sure are a lot of ribbons and badges on Lieutenant Colonel 
 Vindman's chest. Here's what they mean 
 • The afternoon session is underway, with testimony from Kurt 
 Volker, former special envoy to Ukraine, and Timothy Morrison, NSC 
 senior director for Europe and Russia. 
 • Volker said that he wasn't aware of and didn't knowingly take part 
 in any effort to urge Ukraine to investigate Trump's political rival, Joe 
 Biden. Follow along with our 
 What Else is Happening 
 Impeachment Update 
 The U.S.-China trade deal that fell apart six months ago has become the 
 benchmark to decide how much tariffs should be reduced in the initial 
 phase of an agreement, people familiar said. The White House is debating 
 the precise rollback, ranging from 35% to 60%. Beijing is demanding that 
 all levies imposed after May be removed immediately and those before 
 EFTA00032805
then be lifted gradually. Pence said that it would be "very hard" to sign a 
 deal if protests in Hong Kong are met with violence. 
 Speaking of which, the Senate is expected to pass bipartisan legislation 
 to support Hong Kong's protesters by unanimous consent later today. If it 
 passes, the bill would need to be reconciled with a slightly different House 
 version before going to Trump for his signature, who's yet to indicate 
 whether he will sign. 
 America's big banks are getting further relief from capital demands as 
 regulators set up a new approach for measuring risk in derivatives trades. 
 The revision will result in banks being considered to have about 9% less 
 exposure in their derivatives contracts, according to regulators' estimates. 
 It's the latest of a series of rollbacks coordinated by Trump appointees. 
 Opinion 
 The scaling back of Saudi Aramco's IPO—despite nearly every major 
 investment bank being involved— raises awkward questions about the 
 effectiveness of mammoth syndicates of advisers and bookrunners, Chris 
 Hughes writes for Bloomberg Opinion. Diluted accountability makes it 
 unlikely that anyone will deliver an unpopular message, like that the deal 
 isn't worth $2 trillion. And many, many banks may not add much in terms of 
 selling shares given that there's probably huge overlap between 
 their investment fund clients. More appears to be less 
 The merger party may be coming to an end, Bloomberg Opinion's Joe 
 Nocera writes. One of the FTC's two Democratic commissioners, Rohit 
 Chopra, has written that there's some evidence drug mergers "have 
 , creating harms that are immeasurable for those choked off innovation 
 waiting for a cure." He also believes that the FTC can block mergers on 
 antitrust grounds. Since some senators who are also presidential 
 candidates have called for greater M&A scrutiny, it's a pretty good bet that 
 a new administration will view takeovers in a different light. 
 Sponsored Content by SmartAssetTM 
 People Who Retire Comfortably Avoid These 7 Financial Advisor 
 Mistakes 
 EFTA00032806
Working with a financial advisor is a crucial component of any 
 retirement plan, but most people make these simple mistakes 
 when hiring one. These are 7 common but costly mistakes happy 
 retirees avoid. 
 Businessweek Today 
 Warby Parker wants to be the Warby Parker of contact lenses. The 
 retailer is introducing Scout, a line of daily contacts. It's the first time the 
 company has expanded beyond eyeglasses since its founding almost a 
 decade ago. At $440 for a year's supply, they'll be slightly cheaper than 
 many daily lenses but will be sold with what Warby says will be a much 
 improved ordering process. 
 The Haredim have long been isolated from secular Israeli society. 
 Programs like the Pardes Project seek to better integrate these ultra-
 Orthodox scholars into the economy. That's caught the attention of 
 Mossad, the nation's intelligence agency, which wants to attract more 
 Haredim in a tight labor market. "These people are geniuses, and they 
 have no opportunities," says Pardes founder Moshe Kahan. 
 Ultra -Orthodox men fill out registration sheets at an employment center in 
 Jerusalem. Photographer Corina Kern/Laif/Redux 
 What Everybody's Talking About 
 Two guards at a Manhattan jail who were supposed to keep watch on 
 financier Jeffrey Epstein when he killed himself were charged with six 
 counts of falsifying documents and conspiracy to defraud the U.S. The 
 guards never checked on Epstein after 10:30 p.m. on Aug. 9 until he was 
 discovered the next morning, according to the indictment. Instead, they 
 searched the internet for furniture and motorcycle sales and sports news, 
 prosecutors alleged, and "appeared to have been asleep" for two hours. 
 Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss just made their first-ever acquisition, and 
 the duo behind the company they bought couldn't be more similar. Duncan 
 and Griffin Cock Foster are also identical twins. Their company, Nifty 
 EFTA00032807
Gateway, lets users buy crypto collectibles with a credit card instead of 
 digital currency. Yes, we're confused about it, too. 
 By the Way 
 If you want a fat salary, move to Midland, Texas. According to Commerce 
 Department data, the oil boom city's per capita personal income 
 was $122,247 last year, higher than San Jose, San Francisco, Boston or 
 New York. Not surprisingly, the riches drew people: The city led all metro 
 areas in 2018 population growth with a 4.4% gain. But—fair warning—the 
 good times may not last. A recent drop in local energy rigs has coincided 
 with slower job growth, Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas data shows. 
 FOLLOW -US 
 ice. lip
 -SEND-TEM-FRIEND 
 li p 
 Ypheire r nOtanw Wetharm cribed to Bloomberg's The Bloomberg Close 
 - mericas wsletter. 
 Unsubscribe I Bloomberg.com I Contact Us 
 Bloomberg L.P. 731 Lexington, New York, NY, 10022 
 EFTA00032808
From: Jeff Jocks <jjocks®sondeeracine.com> 
 To: ' )" < 
 Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Date: Mon, 25 Oct 2021 14:08:43 +0000 
 That works. 
 Jeff 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocksPsondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are 
 not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: " 
 Date: Friday, October 22, 2021 at 2:45 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com> 
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Thanks very much. Let's plan to talk at 1 p.m. on Monday, if that works. 
 From: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com> 
 Sent: Friday, October 22, 2021 1:55 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Monday afternoon works. Today is shot. 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocksPsondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are 
 not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 EFTA00032809
From: " 
 Date: Friday, October 22, 2021 at 1:25 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>
 C c: ' )1' 
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Hi Jeff, 
 (USANYS)" 
 Hope you're doing well. Are you available for a call today or Monday to follow up on our conversation about a records 
 custodian testifying at trial? 
 Thanks, 
 From: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>
 Sent: Friday, May 14, 2021 10:50 AM 
 To: 
 Cc:  >; 
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 I just reached out to Interlochen and they do not have a color version. 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocks@sondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 (USANYS) 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are 
 not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: " 
 Date: Friday, May 14, 2021 at 10:38 AM 
 To: Jeff Jocks <flocks@sondeeracine com> 
 Cc: ' )1' 
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Received, thanks very much Jeff. Do you have a color copy of the photograph on page 87? 
 Best, 
 (USANYS)" 
 From: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>
 Sent: Thursday, May 13, 2021 4:41 PM 
 EFTA00032810
residence without pre-approval by the Court or Pretrial Services and to 
 escort her when authorized to leave the residence; 
 ■ 
 Visitors to be pre-approved by Pretrial Services: 
 • Strict supervision by Pretrial Services; 
 • Such other terms as the Court deems appropriate. 
 The government goes to great lengths to oppose bail arguing technicalities and 
 offering unfounded innuendo ripped from the tabloid headlines to avoid addressing the 
 merits of Ms. Maxwell's exceptional bail package, which puts at risk everything she has, 
 including the assets of her spouse and the financial security of her family and closest 
 friends. 
 The Court Retains Jurisdiction to Decide Matters Related to Bai( 
 The government asserts that the Court should not consider the present bail motion 
 because appeal of denial of the Second Bail Motion, not yet briefed, is pending before the 
 Second Circuit. (Dkt. 165 at 2-3). It is ironic that the government takes this position given that it 
 created this problem by opposing Ms. Maxwell's request for an enlargement of time to file a 
 notice of appeal to the Court's denial of her Second Bail Motion. Indeed, Ms. Maxwell sought 
 the extension to avoid this very issue. (Dkt. 109). The government should not now be allowed to 
 turn that procedural sword into a jurisdictional shield to prevent the Court from considering the 
 instant motion. 
 Divestiture of jurisdiction in the district court while an appeal is pending is not a per sc 
 rule. Rather, it is a judicially crafted rule rooted in the interest of judicial economy that is 
 designed to avoid confusion or waste of time resulting from having the same issues before two 
 courts at the same time. Divestiture of jurisdiction, therefore, should not be automatic, but 
 instead guided by concerns of efficiency. Here, it is unclear whether interlocutory appeal of a 
 2 
 EFTA00031920
From: 
 To: 
 (USANYS) [Contractor)" <=l 
 Cc: a" ' 
 (USANYS) 
 (USANYS) [Contractor]" 
 (USANYS)" 
 Subject: RE: Maxwell 
 Date: Thu, 10 Jun 2021 18:33:19 +0000 
 Attachments: 2021.06.10_MDC_-_Maxwell_PASSWORD.pdf; 2021.06.10_MDC_-_Maxwell_MAIN.pdf 
 Hi all — the disc is burned and ready to be sent out to MDC. Cover letters are attached and saved here. Thanks so much! 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, June 10, 20218:56 AM 
 To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <:.; 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] .ct: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Fwd: Maxwell 
 Hi all, 
 (USANYS) [Contractor] 
 (USANYS).ca 
 Please see below. Would one of you please prepare a new CD with a copy of this production dated 5/21/21 and send it to 
 the MDC for Maxwell? 
 Thanks, 
 Maurene 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: 
 Date: June 10, 2021 at 8:03:03 AM EDT 
 To: " (USANYS)" 
 Cc: " 
 Subject: Maxwell 
 Good morning all, 
 Inmate Maxwell stated that the discovery disc sent over that is dated 5/21/21 does not work. Our computer services 
 manager looked into the complaints she made, and discovered the disc has a scratch on it. Can you please mail a new 
 one? 
 Sorry for the hassle! 
 Sophia 
 x4744 
 EFTA00032001
To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Hi 
 Attached is what went in the mail today. 
 Thanks, 
 Jeff 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocks@sondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 (USANYS) 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are 
 not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: " 
 Date: Wednesday, May 12, 2021 at 6:20 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine com> 
 Cc: ' )1' 
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Hi Jeff, 
 Just checking in on this. 
 Thanks, 
 From: Jeff Jocks <flocksPsondeeracine.com>
 Sent: Monday, April 26, 2021 10:32 AM 
 To: 
 < > 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Hi 
 I'm working on it and hope to have it complete and ready in the next couple of days. 
 (USANYS) 
 (USANYS)" 
 Thanks, 
 Jeff 
 EFTA00032811
Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocks@sondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are 
 not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: " <
 Date: Monday, April 26, 2021 at 9:28 AM 
 To: Jeff Jocks locksOsondeeracine.com>
 Cc: )" 
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 (USANYS)" 
 Hi Jeff, 
 Hope you're doing well. Could you please let us know when you expect to produce these materials? 
 Thanks very much, 
 From: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>
 Sent: Friday, March 26, 2021 5:33 PM 
 To: 
 ) 
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Hi 
 Just confirming receipt. Also, I'm hopeful that we can have everything gathered by April 12th. However, I'll be out of the 
 office for the next week so it might be delayed. Will that be a problem? 
 In addition, and just for confirmation's sake, you are ok that we will make reasonable efforts to notify the 
 parents/students of the subpoena prior to compliance with the subpoena correct? 
 Thanks, 
 Jeff 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocks@sondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 EFTA00032812
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are 
 not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: " 
 Date: Friday, March 26, 2021 at 3:37 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks qocksPsondeeracine.com>
 Cc: ' )" (USANYS)" 
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Jeff, 
 Thanks again for taking the time to speak with me this morning. As we discussed, I'm attaching a subpoena for additional 
 student records. 
 Thank you, 
 From: Jeff Jocks <jjocksPsondeeracine.com>
 Sent: Thursday, March 25, 2021 4:41 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Sounds good. Yes, that is the best number. 
 Thanks, 
 Jeff 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocksPsondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 (USANYS) 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are 
 not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: " 
 Date: Thursday, March 25, 2021 at 4:40 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>
 Cc: ' )1' 
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 (USANYS)" 
 EFTA00032813
Thanks so much—let's plan to talk at 9:30 tomorrow morning, if that works for you. Is this the best number to reach you 
 then: 231-947-0400 
 Thanks, 
 From: Jeff Jocks <jjocksPsondeeracine.com>
 Sent: Thursday, March 25, 2021 4:32 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: < >; 
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 I'm available between 9am and 10am, and then again after 11am. 
 Thanks, 
 Jeff 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocksPsondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 (USANYS) 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are 
 not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: 
 Date: Thursday, March 25, 2021 at 3:41 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks gocks@sondeeracine.com>
 Cc: ' )" 
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Hi Jeff, 
 Hope you're doing well. Are you available for a quick call tomorrow morning? 
 Thanks very much, 
 From: Jeff Jocks <jjocksPsondeeracine.com>
 Sent: Thursday, January 7, 2021 11:10 AM 
 To: 
 Cc: < >; 
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 (USANYS) 
 (USANYS)" 
 EFTA00032814
231-947-0400 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocks@sondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are 
 not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: " 
 Date: Thursday, January 7, 2021 at 10:37 AM 
 To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine com> 
 Cc: ' )" 
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Hi Jeff— what is the best number to reach you this morning? Thanks. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Jan 5, 2021, at 3:21 PM, Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com> wrote: 
 That works for me. 
 Jeff 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocks@sondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 (USANYS)" 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you 
 are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: " 
 Date: Monday, January 4, 2021 at 8:28 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks(thsondeeracine.com>
 Cc: ' )" (USANYS)" 
 EFTA00032815
Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 That would be great, thanks. Would Thursday at 11:30 work for you? 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Jan 4, 2021, at 3:50 PM, Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com> wrote: 
 Sure. Does Wednesday or Thursday morning work? 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocks@sondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you 
 are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: ' )" 
 Date: Monday, January 4, 2021 at 1:02 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks locksfasondeeracine.com>
 Cc: '1 
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Hi Jeff, 
 (USANYS)" 
 Thanks very much. Are you available for a call sometime in the next few weeks? We have one or two follow up 
 questions that would be helpful to talk through. 
 Thanks, 
 From: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>
 Sent: Wednesday, December 30, 2020 2:37 PM 
 To: 
 ) 
 Cc: I < 
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 >; (USANYS) 
 Sorry about the delay. Interlochen doesn't have any other documents regarding tuition payment information or 
 payments by Epstein or Epstein entities. 
 Let me know if you have any other questions. 
 EFTA00032816
Thanks, 
 Jeff Jocks 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocksPsondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you 
 are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: ' 
 )" 
 Date: Monday, December 7, 2020 at 11:27 AM 
 To: Jeff Jocks qocks@sondeeracine.com>
 Cc:
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Hi Jeff, 
 Just checking in on the below. 
 Thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, November 16, 2020 3:28 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks <jjocksOsondeeracine.com>
 Cc: 1
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Hi Jeff, 
 (USANYS) 
 (USANYS)" 
 Hope you're doing well. I'm following up on our conversation from earlier this month to see if you have any updates on 
 the categories of documents we discussed. 
 Thanks very much, 
 From: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>
 Sent: Friday, October 30, 2020 11:15 AM 
 To: 
 ) sca 
 Cc: I < 
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 >; (USANYS) 
 That works for me. I will call in at 10am Monday. 
 EFTA00032817
Thanks, 
 Jeff 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-040O 
 jjocks@sondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the 
 addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you 
 are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: ' )" 
 Date: Friday, October 30, 2020 at 11:13 AM 
 To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>
 Cc:
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Hi Jeff, 
 (USANYS)" 
 Thanks very much. Would a call on Monday at 10 a.m. work for you? If so, we can use this conference line: 
 Thanks, 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Oct 30, 2020, at 9:06 AM, Jeff Jocks <jjocksPsondeeracine.com> wrote: 
 Hi 
 I'm happy to have a call. I'm available Monday all morning, Tuesday until 10:30am and Wednesday all morning. 
 I apologize about not getting back with you. I thought the other attorney that filed the response was going to do so. 
 Regardless, the response included everything that Interlochen has. They only keep tuition payment information for 7 
 years and nothing in their files reflects any payments by Epstein or Epstein entities. 
 Thanks, 
 Jeff 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 EFTA00032818
jjocksPsondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of 
 the addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. 
 If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: " 
 Date: Thursday, October 29, 2020 at 6:20 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks ijocksOsondeeracine.com>
 Cc: "d >, ' (USANYS)" 
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Jeff, 
 I hope you are doing well. We still have not received a response to our inquiry from April of 2020. Would you be 
 available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
 Thanks, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 l St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 212-637-2324 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 8, 2020 1:46 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks <jjocksPsondeeracine.com>
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Hi Jeff, 
 No, I don't think you responded. Totally understandable given everything that has gone on in the last month. I'd still 
 be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
 Hope you are also staying safe and healthy. 
 Thanks 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 EFTA00032819
Southern District of New York 
 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 212-637-2324 
 From: Jeff Jocks <jjocksPsondeeracine.com>
 Sent: Wednesday, April 8, 2020 1:20 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Did we ever respond to you on this question? Things have gotten so complicated that I can't remember or 
 determine. 
 Hope you are staying safe and healthy. 
 Thanks, 
 Jeff 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocksPsondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of 
 the addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. 
 If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: '
 Date: Sunday, March 8, 2020 at 3:04 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com> "Donnini, George B." <donnini@butzel.com>
 Cc: '' 
 Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Jeff and George, 
 Thank you both very much for your assistance in response to our subpoenas seeking records from Interlochen. In 
 reviewing the documents you produced in response to the attached subpoena, a follow-up question arose. Would 
 you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
 made for any students at Interlochen? 
 Our team is also happy to discuss this inquiry over the phone if that would be useful. I am starting a trial tomorrow 
 and will have limited availability this week, but my colleagues and (both cc'd) should be 
 able to coordinate with you as needed. 
 EFTA00032820
U.S. Department ofJustice 
 United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 The Silvio.1. MoNo Building 
 One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
 New York New York 10007 
 June 10, 2021 
 VIA FEDERAL EXPRESS 
 MDC—Metropolitan Detention Center 
 Legal Department 
 80 29'h Street 
 Brooklyn, NY 11232 
 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
 The password for the disc containing discovery materials pertinent to Ghislaine Maxwe0 
 (02879-509) 
 by: 
 Very truly yours, 
 AUDREY STRAUSS 
 United States Attorney 
 Assistant United States Attorneys 
 EFTA00032002
Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 212-637-2324 
 From: Jeff Jocks <jjocksPsondeeracine.com>
 Sent: Thursday, February 6, 2020 2:46 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Receipt confirmed. 
 Thanks, 
 Jeff 
 Jeffrey L. Jocks 
 Sondee, Racine & Doren, PLC 
 310 West Front Street, Suite 300 
 Traverse City, Michigan 49684 
 231-947-0400 
 jjocksPsondeeracine.com 
 www.sondeeracine.com 
 < 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of 
 the addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. 
 If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
 From: " 
 Date: Thursday, February 6, 2020 at 1:51 PM 
 To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>
 Cc:
 Subject: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts 
 Jeff, 
 As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
 Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell. Per our conversation, we understand that Interlochen will keep this request 
 confidential. 
 EFTA00032821
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
 Best, 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 1 St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 212-637-2324 
 EFTA00032822
DRAFT — October 20, 2021 Juror ID: 
 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
 SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK 
 X 
 UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
 -v-
 GHISLAINE MAXWELL, 
 Defendant. 
 ------------------------- -_-_-_-___________ 
 INSTRUCTION SHEET 
 X 
 20 Cr. 330 (MN) 
 JURY 
 QUESTIONNAIRE 
 Dear Juror: 
 Please call (212) 805 0158 on November 15, 2021 after 6:00 p.m. for further reporting 
 instructions. Please bring this instruction sheet with you to the courthouse if you are 
 instructed to return. 
 -I-
 EFTA00032823
Juror ID: 
 JINSERT JUROR INFORMATION SHEET FROM JURY DEPARTMENTS 
 -2-
 EFTA00032824
Juror ID: 
 PRELIMINARY INSTRUCTIONS 
 Please read the following instructions carefully before completing any portion of this 
 questionnaire. Please print your juror number in the space provided at the top of each page. 
 Do not write your name on the questionnaire. Please answer each and every question fully. 
 Some questions have more than one part. 
 YOU ARE SWORN TO GIVE TRUE AND COMPLETE ANSWERS TO ALL 
 QUESTIONS IN THIS QUESTIONNAIRE. This questionnaire is designed to help simplify 
 and shorten the jury selection process. The purpose of the questionnaire is to determine 
 whether prospective jurors can decide this case impartially based upon the evidence presented 
 at trial and the legal instructions given by the presiding judge. The questions are not intended 
 to inquire unnecessarily into personal matters. Although some of the questions may appear to 
 be of a personal nature, please understand that the Court and the parties must learn enough 
 information about each juror's background and experiences to select a fair and impartial jury. 
 Please answer all questions to the best of your ability. If you do not know the answer to a 
 question then write, "I don't know." There are no "right" or "wrong" answers, only truthful 
 answers. If you have strong feelings about this case in general, please do not hesitate to share 
 them. Although you may be a perfectly good juror in another case, this may or may not be the 
 right case for you to sit on as an impartial juror. Both parties have the right to get honest 
 answers and to hear your true opinions. Do not discuss the case or your answers with anyone. 
 It is important that the answers be yours alone. Remember, you are sworn to give true and 
 complete answers to all questions. 
 If you need extra space to answer any question, please use the extra blank sheets of paper 
 included at the end of the questionnaire. Be sure to indicate on the blank page the number of 
 the question you are answering. Do not write anything on the back of any page. 
 DO NOT DISCUSS YOUR QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS OR THE CASE WITH 
 ANYONE, NOW OR UNTIL FURTHER INSTRUCTED BY THE COURT. You should 
 not discuss the questions or answers with fellow jurors. It is very important that your answers 
 be your own individual answers. More broadly, do not discuss the case with anyone, including 
 the lawyers (except in the presence of the Court), your fellow jurors, your family, your friends, 
 or anyone else. Do not communicate about the case in any way, including telephone, e-mail, 
 any social media app or website (such as Facebook), any communications app or website (such 
 as Twitter). You must also avoid reading or hearing about the case (or anyone participating in 
 the case) in newspapers, in magazines, on the radio or television, or on the Internet. 
 DO NOT DO YOUR OWN RESEARCH ON THE CASE. Do not conduct any research 
 into the case (or anyone participating in the case) at any time before your entire jury service 
 has been completed. That includes performing Internet searches, asking other people about 
 the case, reading news stories, books, or reports about the case, or watching films or television 
 programs that relate to the case. Do not read, watch, or listen to any information about this 
 case. 
 -3-
 EFTA00032825
Juror ID: 
 Your name will not be disclosed or connected to this questionnaire beyond the Judge and the 
 parties in this case. However, if you believe that any of your answers contain private 
 information that could embarrass you or otherwise seriously compromise your privacy and 
 wish to request that the Court keep them confidential and not distribute them beyond the Judge 
 and parties, please indicate the particular question number at the end of the questionnaire. 
 SUMMARY OF THE CASE 
 The Court is selecting a jury for a trial commencing on Monday, November 29, 2021. 
 Although it is never possible to predict the length of a trial, currently this trial is expected 
 to last approximately six weeks. 
 This is a criminal case. The Defendant, Ghislaine Maxwell, has been charged in an Indictment 
 with various criminal offenses. The Indictment is not evidence. It simply contains the 
 charges —referred to as "counts"—that the Government intends to prove to the jury at trial 
 beyond a reasonable doubt. 
 The charges in the Indictment stem from allegations that from at least 1994 through 2004, the 
 Defendant conspired with and aided and abetted Jeffrey Epstein to entice minors to travel to 
 engage in criminal sexual activity, to transport minors to engage in criminal sexual activity, 
 and to engage in sex trafficking of a minor. 
 The Indictment charges the Defendant in 6 counts: Count One of the Indictment charges the 
 Defendant with conspiring with Jeffrey Epstein and others to entice minors to travel to engage 
 in sexual activity for which a person can be charged with a criminal offense. Count Two 
 charges the Defendant with enticing a minor to travel to engage in sexual activity for which a 
 person can be charged with a criminal offense, and aiding and abetting the same. Count Three 
 charges the Defendant with conspiring with Epstein and others to transport minors to engage 
 in sexual activity for which a person can be charged with a criminal offense. Count Four 
 charges the Defendant with transporting a minor to engage in sexual activity for which a person 
 can be charged with a criminal offense, and aiding and abetting the same. Count Five charges 
 the Defendant with participating in a sex trafficking conspiracy. Count Six charges the 
 Defendant with sex trafficking of a minor, and aiding and abetting the same. 
 Ms. Maxwell has pled not guilty to all charges. Ms. Maxwell is presumed innocent, and before 
 she can be found guilty on any charge, the jury must find that the Government has proven each 
 element of that crime beyond a reasonable doubt. 
 -4-
 EFTA00032826
Juror ID: 
 SCHEDULE 
 Potential jurors will be called back for further questioning and jury selection from 
 Tuesday, November 16, 2021, through Friday, November 19, 2021. Your availability 
 during that week will be required. 
 The trial will commence on Monday, November 29, 2021. The trial is expected to last 
 about six weeks. Generally, trial will be held five days per week, Monday through Friday, 
 from 9:30 a.m. until 5:00 p.m. Trial will not be held on Friday, December 24, 2021 
 (Christmas Eve Day) and December 31, 2021 (New Year's Eve). 
 If you are selected as a juror, you will be required to be present for the taking of testimony and 
 evidence for as long as the trial lasts. There are no plans to sequester the jury, which means 
 you will go home every day after court. 
 All jury service involves some degree of hardship. Our court and justice system depends on 
 citizens doing their civic duty to serve as jurors, which involves temporarily putting aside their 
 regular business for jury service. The Court views service on a jury to be one of the highest 
 duties a citizen owes to the United States. Mere inconvenience or the usual financial hardship 
 of jury service will not be sufficient to excuse a prospective juror. You must show 
 extraordinary personal or financial hardship to be excused from service. 
 -5-
 EFTA00032827
Juror ID: 
 PLEASE ANSWER THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS: 
 ABILITY TO SERVE 
 Please note: In the event you are excused from service on this jury, you will likely 
 not be excused from July service in general. You will instead be required to report to 
 the Court's Jury Clerk for placement on another panel for another case. 
 1. Do you have any unmovable commitments between November 16, 2021, and 
 November 19, 2021, which is when jury selection will take place? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 I a. If yes, please explain (without indicating the name of where you work or the names 
 of any family members or friends, or other personal information that might identify 
 who you are): 
 2. Do you have any unmovable commitments between November 29, 2021, and 
 approximately January 15, 2022, which is the estimated length for trial? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 /a. If yes, please explain (without indicating the name of where you work or the names 
 of any family members or friends, or other personal information that might identify 
 who you are): 
 3. Do any circumstances exist such that serving on the jury in this case would entail 
 serious hardship or extreme inconvenience? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 3a. If yes, please briefly describe the serious hardship or extreme inconvenience: 
 -6-
 EFTA00032828
Juror ID: 
 4. Do you have any personal commitments that would make it difficult for you to get 
 to court by 9:30 a.m., every day of trial, or remain at the courthouse until 5:00 p.m.? 
 (Please note, the Court will arrange and provide transportation to and from the 
 Courthouse each day for selected jurors). 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 4a. If yes, please explain why you would be unable to get to court by 9:30 a.m. or 
 remain until 5:00 p.m.: 
 5. Do you have any difficulty reading, speaking, or understanding English? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 6. Do you have any medical, physical, or mental condition or illness that makes you 
 unable to serve on a jury, including difficulty hearing, seeing, reading, or 
 concentrating? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 6a. If yes, please briefly describe the condition or illness. If you believe you could serve 
 as a juror if such condition were accommodated in some way, please state the 
 accommodation. 
 7. 
 7a. 
 Are you taking any medication which would prevent you from giving full attention 
 to all the evidence at this trial? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 If yes, please explain: 
 -7-
 EFTA00032829
Juror ID: 
 8. Do you have any religious, philosophical, or other beliefs that would make you 
 unable to render a verdict in a criminal case? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 8a. If yes, please explain: 
 BASIC LEGAL PRINCIPLES AND MEDIA RESTRICTIONS 
 9. 
 9a. 
 Under the law, the facts are for the July to determine and the law is for the Judge to 
 determine. You are required to accept the law as the Judge explains it to you even if 
 you do not like the law or disagree with it, and you must determine the facts 
 according to those instructions. Do you accept this principle, and will you be able to 
 follow the Judge's instructions if selected to serve on this jury? 
 o Yes o No 
 10. 
 If no, please explain: 
 The law provides that a defendant in a criminal case is presumed innocent at all 
 stages of the trial and is not required to put on any defense at all. The Government 
 is required to prove the defendant guilty beyond a reasonable doubt on each charge. 
 Do you accept these principles, and will you be able to apply them if selected to 
 serve on this jury? 
 o Yes o No 
 10a. If no, please explain: 
 -8-
 EFTA00032830
U.S. Department of Justice 
 United States Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 The Silvio.1. Moll° Building 
 One Saint Andrew's Plaza 
 New York New York 10007 
 June 10, 2021 
 VIA FEDERAL EXPRESS 
 MDC—Metropolitan Detention Center 
 Legal Department 
 80 29'h Street 
 Brooklyn, NY 11232 
 Re: United States v. Chislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) 
 Enclosed is discovery pertinent to the following inmate: 
 • Ghislaine Maxwell: 02879-509 
 Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
 by: 
 Enclosure 
 Very truly yours, 
 AUDREY STRAUSS 
 United States Attorney 
 Assistant United States Attorneys 
 EFTA00032003
Juror ID: 
 1 I. 
 11 a. 
 The law provides that a defendant in a criminal case has an absolute right not to 
 testify, and that a juror cannot hold it against the defendant if she chooses not to 
 testify. Do you accept this principle, and will you be able to apply it if selected to 
 serve on this jury? 
 o Yes o No 
 If no, please explain: 
 12. A juror is required by law to make his or her decision based solely on the evidence 
 or lack of evidence presented in Court, and not on the basis of conjecture, suspicion, 
 bias, sympathy, or prejudice. Do you accept this principle, and will you be able to 
 apply it if selected to serve on this jury? 
 o Yes o No 
 I 2a. If no, please explain: 
 13. Under the law, the question of punishment is for the Court alone to decide, and thus 
 the issue of punishment must not enter into your deliberations as to whether the 
 defendant is guilty or not guilty as charged. Do you accept this principle, and will 
 you be able to apply it if selected to serve on this jury? 
 o Yes o No 
 I 3a. If no, please explain: 
 -9-
 EFTA00032831
Juror ID: 
 14. You may hear testimony in this case that law enforcement officers recovered certain 
 evidence from searches. The Court will instruct you that those searches were legal 
 and that the evidence obtained from those searches is admissible in this case. Do 
 you have any feelings or opinions about searches conducted by law enforcement 
 officers, or the use of evidence obtained from searches, that would affect your 
 ability to be fair and impartial in this case? 
 o Yes o No 
 I 4a. If yes, please explain: 
 15. You also may hear testimony in this case from expert witnesses. Have you had any 
 experiences with experts, or do you have any general feelings about the use of 
 experts, that would affect your ability to be fair and impartial in this case? 
 o Yes o No 
 I 5a. If yes, please explain: 
 16. As instructed above, from now and until your jury service is complete, you are 
 instructed to avoid all media coverage and not to go on the Internet with regard to 
 this case for any purpose. That is, you are forbidden from consuming any news 
 media or social media, or any discussion of this case (or of anyone participating in 
 the case) outside of the courtroom whatsoever. You also must not discuss this case 
 with anyone. This includes your family, friends, spouse, domestic partner, 
 colleagues, and co-workers. These instructions apply from now and until you are 
 either dismissed from jury selection or chosen as a juror and the trial is complete. 
 When we return for the next step in jury selection, the Judge will ask you if you 
 have followed this instruction. 
 Do you have any reservations or concerns about your ability or willingness to 
 follow this instruction? 
 o Yes o No 
 -10-
 EFTA00032832
Juror ID: 
 I6a. If yes, please explain: 
 PRIOR JURY SERVICE 
 17. Have you ever served as a juror in a trial in any court? 
 o Yes o No 
 I8. Have you ever at any time served as a member of a grand jury, whether in federal, 
 state, county, or city court? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 EXPERIENCE AS A WITNESS, DEFENDANT, OR CRIME VICTIM 
 19. Have you, or has any relative or close friend, ever participated in a state or federal 
 court case, whether criminal or civil, as a witness, plaintiff, or defendant? 
 ❑ Yes (self) ❑ Yes (friend or family member) ❑ No 
 I 9a. If yes, is there anything about that experience that would prevent you from acting as 
 a fair and impartial juror in this case? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 19b. If yes to 19a, please explain: 
 20. Have you or any relative or close friend ever been involved or appeared as a witness 
 in any investigation by a federal or state grand jury or by a congressional or state 
 legislative committee, licensing authority, or governmental agency, or been 
 questioned in any matter by any federal, state, or local law enforcement agency? 
 ❑ Yes (self) ❑ Yes (friend or family member) ❑ No 
 -11-
 EFTA00032833
Juror ID: 
 20a. If yes, is there anything about that experience that would prevent you from acting as 
 a fair and impartial juror in this case? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 ?Ob. If yes to 20a, please explain: 
 21. Have you, or has any relative or close friend, ever been subpoenaed for any inquiry 
 or investigation? 
 ❑ Yes (self) ❑ Yes (friend or family member) ❑ No 
 21 a. If yes, is there anything about that experience that would prevent you from acting as 
 a fair and impartial juror in this case? 
 o Yes o No 
 21b. If yes to 21a, please explain: 
 22. Have you, or has any relative or close friend, ever been arrested or charged with a 
 crime? 
 ❑ Yes (self) ❑ Yes (friend or family member) ❑ No 
 22a. If yes, is there anything about that experience that would prevent you from acting as 
 a fair and impartial juror in this case? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 /lb. If yes to 22a, please explain: 
 -12-
 EFTA00032834
Juror ID: 
 23. Have you, or has any relative or close friend, ever been the subject of any 
 investigation or accusation by any grand jury, state or federal, or any other 
 investigation? 
 ❑ Yes (self) ❑ Yes (friend or family member) ❑ No 
 23a. If yes, is there anything about that experience that would prevent you from acting as 
 a fair and impartial juror in this case? 
 o Yes o No 
 23b. If yes to 23a, please explain: 
 24. Have you, or any of your relatives or close friends, ever been a victim of a crime? 
 ❑ Yes (self) ❑ Yes (friend or family member) ❑ No 
 24a. If yes, is there anything about that experience that would prevent you from acting as 
 a fair and impartial juror in this case? 
 o Yes o No 
 24b. If yes to 24a, please explain: 
 25. Have you, or has any member of your family or any of your close friends—either as 
 individuals or in the course of their business affairs—ever been a party to a legal 
 action or dispute with the United States, or with any of the officers, departments, 
 agencies, or employees of the United States, including the United States Attorney's 
 Office, the FBI, or the NYPD? 
 ❑ Yes (self) ❑ Yes (friend or family member) ❑ No 
 -13-
 EFTA00032835
Juror ID: 
 25a. If yes, is there anything about that experience that would prevent you from acting as 
 a fair and impartial juror in this case? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 25b. If yes to 25a, please explain: 
 26. Have you, or has any member of your family, ever had a dispute concerning money 
 owed to you by the Government or owed by you to the Government? 
 ❑ Yes (self) ❑ Yes (friend or family member) ❑ No 
 /6a. If yes, is there anything about that experience that would prevent you from acting as 
 a fair and impartial juror in this case? 
 o Yes o No 
 26b. If yes to 26a, please explain: 
 RELATIONSHIP WITH, AND VIEW OF, GOVERNMENT, DEFENSE, AND 
 OTHERS 
 27. Do you or any member of your family or a close friend work in law, law 
 enforcement, the justice system, or the courts? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 27a. If yes, please explain: 
 -14-
 EFTA00032836
Juror ID: 
 27b. If yes to 27, would this affect your ability to serve as a fair and impartial juror in 
 this case? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 27c. If yes to 27b, please explain: 
 28. Do you know or have any association—professional, business, or social, direct or 
 indirect —with any member of the staff of the United States Attorney's Office for 
 the Southern District of New York? 
 o Yes o No 
 28a. If yes, please explain: 
 28b. If yes to 28, would this affect your ability to serve as a fair and impartial juror in 
 this case? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 "'Se. If yes to 28b, please explain: 
 29. Do you know or have any association—professional, business, or social, direct or 
 indirect —with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, commonly known as the FBI? 
 o Yes o No 
 29a. If yes, please explain: 
 -15-
 EFTA00032837
Juror ID: 
 29b. If yes to 29, would this affect your ability to serve as a fair and impartial juror in 
 this case? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 29c. If yes to 29b, please explain: 
 30. Do you know or have any association—professional, business, or social, direct or 
 indirect —with the New York City Police Department, commonly known as the 
 NYPD? 
 o Yes o No 
 30a. If yes, please explain: 
 30b. If yes to 30, would this affect your ability to serve as a fair and impartial juror in 
 this case? 
 o Yes o No 
 30c. If yes to 30b, please explain: 
 3 I. Do you have any opinion of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of 
 New York or the U.S. Attorney Damian Williams that might make it difficult for 
 you to be a fair and impartial juror in this case? 
 o Yes o No 
 -16-
 EFTA00032838
Juror ID: 
 31a. If yes, please explain: 
 PERSONAL RELATIONSHIP WITH CASE PARTICIPANTS 
 32. The next subset of questions asks whether you or any member of your family or a 
 close friend personally knows or has past or present dealings with individuals 
 involved in this case. To "personally know" means to have some direct or personal 
 knowledge or connection to the following individuals. If you have only heard the 
 names through media or social media, for example, that is not personal knowledge. 
 32a. 
 32h. 
 Pe. 
 Do you or does any member of your family or a close friend personally know or 
 have past or present dealings with the Defendant in this case, Ghislaine Maxwell, or 
 her family members? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 Do you or does any member of your family or a close friend personally know or 
 have past or present dealings with Jeffrey Epstein? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 Do you or does any member of your family or a close friend personally know or 
 have past or present dealings with the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of 
 New York, Damian Williams, or anyone else who works for or used to work for the 
 U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 32d. Do you or does any member of your family or a close friend personally know or 
 have past or present dealings with any of the Assistant United States Attorneys who 
 are prosecuting this case: 
 o Yes o No 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 o Yes o No 
 o Yes o No 
 -17-
 EFTA00032839
Juror ID: 
 32e. Do you or does any member of your family or a close friend personally know or 
 have past or present dealings with any of the defense attorneys or law firms who are 
 representing the Defendant: 
 Christian Everdell of Cohen & Gresser LLP a Yes ❑ No 
 Jeffrey Pagliuca of Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. a Yes ❑ No 
 Laura Menninger of Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. ❑ Yes o No 
 Bobbi Stemheim of Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim a Yes ❑ No 
 321 Do you or does any member of your family or a close friend personally know or 
 have past or present dealings with the United States District Court Judge who is 
 presiding over this case, Alison J. Nathan, or anyone who works on her staff? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 If you answered "yes" to any of the above sub-questions (32a, 32b, 32c, 32d, 32e, 
 or 320, please explain whom you know, how you know the individual(s), and 
 whether your relationship with that person might make it difficult for you to be a 
 fair and impartial juror in this case: 
 -18-
 EFTA00032840
From: (USANYSY' 
 To: 1.c. IMIMlrr" ")" 
 Subject: Notes from 11/25/20 Call with GM Counsel 
 Date: Wed, 25 Nov 2020 18:05:21 +0000 
 11/25/20 Call with Chris Everdell and Bobbi Sternheim 
 • Have call scheduled with MDC legal counsel; hope we can raise with them whatever issues come out of 
 conversation 
 • Most productive to understand what specific asks you have of the Warden so we can convey them and see what 
 can be done 
 Sternheim 
 • Think you know how much appreciate you intervening; don't think it necessarily is your job or our job, that's why 
 helpful to hear from warden himself 
 • If warden is one making decision, better if he reports to the court 
 • Would rather at least try to come up with particular list 
 Sternheim 
 • In history of dealing with MDC/MCC, only time progress made when court makes someone from MDC/MCC go to 
 court 
 • Hope that you made request and judge issued order to meet and confer immediately will be enough to get things 
 done 
 Sternheim 
 • Clear that they cannot put her in general population; that is not an unwise decision; will be a problem for her 
 personally for a variety of reasons, and I don't just mean physically 
 • Gap between not being in general population (GP) and being in the situation that she is in; certain things that GP 
 inmate is allowed that she is not 
 o GP: Lights out at 9:30; GM is locked in at 8 pm 
 o GP: not continually searched when moved; GM: searched to the point of invasion; understand she is 
 searched every time she goes from one space to another; variety of searches, seems excessive - including 
 strip searches after visits, open mouth, fingers through hair, touching her body 
 • Understand that stopped putting fingers in her mouth 
 • Routine to do strip search after visit 
 Sternheim 
 • Know they did COVID test and required that move mask to look in her mouth 
 • Redundancy to over management of GM 
 • Now she has her cup in her room, successful in getting a toothbrush (before your help she had for one day) 
 • Entitled to every opportunity barring congregation with other inmates that is afforded to inmates in GP 
 • b/c of COVID — allowed outside of cell only for 3 hours a day (to shower in shared shower, shared call, computer, 
 television) 
 EFTA00032004
Juror ID: 
 KNOWLEDGE OF CASE AND PEOPLE 
 This case has been widely reported in the national and local media. There is 
 nothing wrong with having heard something about this case. It is important to 
 answer all of the following questions truthfully and fully. 
 33. Before today, had you read, seen, or heard anything about Ms. Maxwell? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No ❑ Unsure 
 33a. 
 34. 
 If yes or unsure, please state what you remember hearing, and how or from whom 
 you may have heard (e.g., a friend, the newspaper, a website, social media). If you 
 heard about Ms. Maxwell from a media source, please identify the media source by 
 name: 
 Have you personally formed an opinion about Ms. Maxwell's guilt or innocence of 
 the crimes charged as a result of anything you have heard, read or seen? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No ❑ Unsure 
 ❑ Not applicable, I have not read/seen/heard about Ms. Maxwell 
 34a. If yes or unsure, please summarize your opinion: 
 -19-
 EFTA00032841
Juror ID: 
 35. Based on anything that you have read, seen, or heard about Ms. Maxwell, including 
 anything about criminal charges against Ms. Maxwell, have you formed any 
 opinions about Ms. Maxwell that might make it difficult for you to be a fair and 
 impartial juror in this case? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No ❑ Unsure 
 ❑ Not applicable, I have not read/seen/heard about Ms. Maxwell 
 35a. If yes or unsure, please explain why it might be difficult for you to be a fair and 
 impartial juror in this case: 
 36. Before today, had you read, seen, or heard anything about Jeffrey Epstein? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No ❑ Unsure 
 36a. If yes or unsure, please state what you remember hearing, and how or from whom 
 you may have heard (e.g., a friend, the newspaper, a website, social media). If you 
 heard about Mr. Epstein from a media source, please identify the media source by 
 name: 
 37. Have you verbally stated or posted your opinion on social media or online about 
 Ms. Maxwell or Mr. Epstein? 
 ■ Yes ■ No 
 ■ Not applicable, I have not read/seen/heard about Mr. Epstein/Ms. Maxwell 
 37a. If yes, when and where did you state or post your opinion? 
 -20-
 EFTA00032842
Juror ID: 
 38. Based on anything that you have read, seen, or heard about Jeffrey Epstein, have 
 you formed any opinions about Mr. Epstein that might make it difficult for you to 
 be a fair and impartial juror in this case? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No ❑ Unsure 
 ❑ Not applicable, I have not read/seen/heard about Mr. Epstein 
 38a. If yes or unsure, please explain why it might be difficult for you to be a fair and 
 impartial juror in this case: 
 39. If you have heard about Jeffrey Epstein, do you think Ms. Maxwell's alleged 
 association with Jeffrey Epstein will make it difficult for you to fairly and 
 impartially consider the evidence presented at trial and render a verdict based solely 
 on the evidence? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No ❑ Unsure 
 ❑ Not applicable, I have not read/seen/heard about Ms. Maxwell and/or 
 Jeffrey Epstein 
 39a. If yes or unsure, please explain: 
 40. Based on anything you have read, seen, or heard about Ms. Maxwell, including 
 anything about criminal charges brought against Ms. Maxwell, would you be able to 
 follow the Court's instruction to put that information out of your mind and decide 
 this case based only on the evidence presented at trial? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No ❑ Unsure 
 ❑ Not applicable, I have not read/seen/heard about Ms. Maxwell 
 -21-
 EFTA00032843
Juror ID: 
 40a. If no or unsure, please explain: 
 NATURE OF CHARGES 
 41. During the trial, you will hear evidence alleging sex crimes against underage girls. 
 Some of the evidence in this case will involve sexually suggestive or sexually 
 explicit conduct. Is there anything about the nature of this case and the accusations 
 as summarized at the beginning of this questionnaire that might make it difficult for 
 you to be a fair and impartial juror in this case? 
 o Yes o No 
 41a. If yes, please explain: 
 42. Do you have any specific views or feelings concerning laws regarding the age at 
 which individuals can or cannot consent to sexual activity with other individuals 
 that would affect your ability to serve as a fair and impartial juror? 
 o Yes o No 
 42a. If yes, please explain: 
 43. Do you have any opinion about the enforcement of the federal sex trafficking laws 
 or the federal laws concerning sex crimes against minors that might prevent you 
 from being fair and impartial in this case? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 -22-
 EFTA00032844
Juror ID: 
 43a. If yes, please explain: 
 44. Have you or a family member ever lobbied, petitioned, or worked in any other 
 manner for or against any laws or regulations relating to sex trafficking, sex crimes 
 against minors, or sex abuse generally? 
 o Yes o No 
 44a. If yes, please explain when and what you or your family member did: 
 44b. If your answer to 44 was yes, do you believe that this would affect your ability to 
 serve fairly and impartially as a juror in this case? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 44c. If yes to 44b, please explain: 
 45. The witnesses in this case may include law enforcement witnesses. Would you have 
 any difficulty assessing the credibility of a law enforcement officer just like you 
 would any other witness? 
 o Yes o No 
 45a. If yes, please explain: 
 -23-
 EFTA00032845
Juror ID: 
 46. Witnesses in this case may testify claiming sexual abuse or sexual assault. Would 
 you have any difficulty assessing the credibility of a witness claiming sexual assault 
 or abuse just like you would any other witness? 
 o Yes o No 
 46a. If yes, please explain: 
 47. 
 47a. 
 Have you or a friend or family member ever been the victim of sexual harassment, 
 sexual abuse, or sexual assault? (This includes actual or attempted sexual assault or 
 other unwanted sexual advance, including by a stranger, acquaintance, supervisor, 
 teacher, or family member.) 
 ❑ Yes (self) ❑ Yes (friend or family member) ❑ No 
 If yes, without listing names, please explain: 
 47b. If your answer to 47 was yes, do you believe that this would affect your ability to 
 serve fairly and impartially as a juror in this case? 
 o Yes o No 
 47c. If yes to 47b, please explain: 
 -24-
 EFTA00032846
Juror ID: 
 48. Have you or a friend or family member ever been accused of sexual harassment, 
 sexual abuse, or sexual assault? (This includes both formal accusations in a court of 
 law or informal accusations in a social or work setting of actual or attempted sexual 
 assault or other unwanted sexual advance, including by a stranger, acquaintance, 
 supervisor, teacher, or family member.). 
 ❑ Yes (self) ❑ Yes (friend or family member) ❑ No 
 48a. If yes, without listing names, please explain: 
 48b. If your answer to 48 was yes, do you believe that this would affect your ability to 
 serve fairly and impartially as a juror in this case? 
 o Yes o No 
 48c. If yes to 48b, please explain: 
 49. Is there any other experience that you or anyone close to you has had that may 
 affect your ability to serve fairly and impartially as a juror in this case? 
 o Yes 0 No 
 4%. If yes, please explain: 
 -25-
 EFTA00032847
Juror ID: 
 CLOSING QUESTION 
 50. Do you wish for any particular answers to remain confidential and to not go beyond 
 the Judge, counsel, and the Defendant, because the answer would embarrass you or 
 otherwise seriously compromise your privacy? 
 ❑ Yes ❑ No 
 If yes, please list which question number(s): 
 -26-
 EFTA00032848
Juror ID: 
 DECLARATION 
 I, Juror Number declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing answers set forth in 
 this Jury Questionnaire are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. I have not 
 discussed my answers with others, or received assistance in completing the questionnaire. 
 Signed this day of November, 2021 
 DO NOT WRITE YOUR NAME. PLEASE SIGN USING YOUR JUROR NUMBER. 
 -27-
 EFTA00032849
Juror ID: 
 You may use these pages to finish any answers that you could not fit in the spaces 
 provided above. If you write anything below, please indicate the number of the relevant 
 question. 
 EFTA00032850
• GM has shower to herself, phone to herself, computer, laptop, TV to herself; in MDC view, client is getting more 
 than every other inmate during COVID; she is out of her cell for 13 hours 
 Sternheim 
 • Difficulty with that statement is that flags how deficient treatment of inmates is 
 • Equal treatment is create situation where put her in a general population 
 • Given amount of discovery in this case if she had to share computer, would go to trial in 2023 
 • Got her accommodation b/c she has significant amount of discovery to review 
 Sternheim 
 • Not going to deny that given more time to review than other inmates are 
 • Understand I can't just say give her everything, make exactly same as GP, but there are clients in GP that have 
 own computer, tablets, and allowed to review discovery endless hours a day 
 • Don't think that's right; understand that 
 • If 13 hours not enough, then let us know what will be 
 Everdell 
 • Constant surveillance; camera on her all times; woken up every 15 minutes to make sure breathing; treated as if 
 on suicide watch; disruptive to her health and to her ability to concentrate on preparing a defense 
 • Going forward, things to address sounds like normalizing amount of searches to be consistent with what other 
 inmates experience and minimizing amount of disruption, particularly to her sleep at night, consistent with what 
 other inmates experience 
 • Surveillance — understanding is that second camera is meant to capture the same area in case there is a 
 malfunction in BOP camera system; camera in area outside in wall or ceiling that already captures and records 
 same area 
 Sternheim 
 • Why is camera facing me and my client in a visiting room? 
 • Understand that there are no cameras inside the room, but cameras outside the room showing who goes in and 
 out 
 Sternheim 
 • That is a distinction; camera pointed into the room 
 • Pass up the ask that camera not be pointed anywhere that cameras not already pointed 
 Everdell 
 • Other inmates have handheld camera following them around 24 hours a day? Includes lawyers/legal visits; 
 • Understanding that there is not another inmate with backup camera system; reason for backup is that sometimes 
 BOP camera fails and decision made to have backup camera that covers same area covered by normal area 
 • Happy to go back to MDC and say should not record anything not recorded by normal cameras 
 Sternheim 
 • 3 officers watching 2 people in room where no one else, and camera pointed on us 
 Everdell 
 • Already in a cage, not particularly pleasant; add stress of having handheld camera pointed directly at you; 
 someone has camera up in your face, all the time; very invasive 
 • If cameras already recording, then why is it needed if just redundant; causes real disruption and distress in some 
 ways 
 Sternheim 
 • Invasive, maybe they will read lips; going far in my example; BOP overusing their authority 
 EFTA00032005
Juror ID: 
 -29-
 EFTA00032851
Juror ID: 
 -30-
 EFTA00032852
Juror ID: 
 -31-
 EFTA00032853
From: " 
 To: " (USANYS)" < 
 Subject: Accepted: 
 Date: Mon, 04 Nov 2019 15:23:29 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 > 
 > 
 EFTA00032854
Event: Accepted: 
 Start Date: 2019-11-04 21:00:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2019-11-04 21:30:00 +0000 
 Location: Epstein / Victim Fund Meet 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Comment: 
 Date Created: 2019-11-04 17:54:46 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2019-11-04 17:54:46 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2019-11-04 15:23:29 +0000 
 Attendee: (USANYS) ‹> 
 EFTA00032855
From: 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein forfeiture theory 
 Date: Wed, 04 Dec 2019 18:59:39 +0000 
 I'm late to this but that time works for me too, thanks. 
 From 
 Sent: Wednesday, December 04, 2019 13:58 
 To 
 Cc 
 Subject: Re: Epstein forfeiture theory 
 I'm hobbled, so I can host on 3. Thanks! 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Dec 4, 2019, at 1:53 PM, wrote: 
 Sure, would you like us to come to one of your offices, or should I reserve a conference room? 
 Front) 
 Sent: Wednesday, December 4, 2019 1:44 PM 
 To: <->; 
 I   : <::' 
 Subject: RE: RE: Epstein forfeiture theory 
 Good here. Can someone send an invite? 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, December 4, 2019 1:43 PM 
 To 
 Subject: RE: RE: Epstein forfeiture theory 
 Same, thanks! 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday. December 4. 2019 1:33 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: RE: Epstein forfeiture theory 
 That's perfect for me, thanks. 
 EFTA00032856
From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, December 4, 2019 1:24 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: RE: Epstein forfeiture theory 
 Monday is pretty open. Maybe 2pm? 
 Co -Chief, Money Laundering and Transnational Criminal Enterprises Unit 
 Asset Forfeiture Coordinator 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 From 
 Sent: Wednesday, December 4, 2019 1:08 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: Epstein forfeiture theory 
 Is there a time early next week that we might be able to meet with one or both of you to talk about forfeiture theories 
 for certain Epstein properties? I know that we've talked about this in some detail already, but currently counsel for the 
 Trustees of his estate are working on thinking about the value of the government's potential claims, in particular relating 
 to statute of limitations issues, so we want to make sure we have the best possible arguments to present to them. Sorry 
 for continuing to bother you on this, but we really appreciate the help! 
 thanks, 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032857
From: ' 
 To:' 
 Subject: Accepted: Meet re Epstein forfeiture 
 Date: Wed, 04 Dec 2019 19:18:28 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: unnamed 
 EFTA00032858
Event: Accepted: Meet re Epstein forfeiture 
 Start Date: 2019-12-09 19:00:00 +0000 
 End Date: 2019-12-09 20:00:00 +0000 
 Location: M office 
 Class: X-PERSONAL 
 Comment: 
 Date Created: 2019-12-05 00:43:03 +0000 
 Date Modified: 2019-12-05 00:43:03 +0000 
 Priority: 5 
 DTSTAMP: 2019-12-04 19:18:25 +0000 
 Attendee: 
 EFTA00032859
From: 
 To: , 
 Subject: Voucher for Trip 10621156 is late 
 Date: Thu, 19 Sep 2019 04:03:29 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Dear 
 Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
 for this trip and mark it as Final if you have no additional expenses to claim. 
 Trip ID: 10621156 
 Traveler name: 
 Destination: West Palm Beach 
 Purpose: R19NYS 13832 - U.S. v. Epstein (2018R0618) - Victim Interviews 
 Trip Dates: 2019-09-09 - 2019-09-10 
 Current status: Authorization Approved 
 E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): 
 https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html 
 E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): 
 https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com 
 Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link. 
 Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
 Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your 
 email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the 
 emails that you receive from us. 
 Reference ID# V0013 
 This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-
 mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
 any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited. 
 EFTA00032860
• What I'm taking away from this is that unless MDC stops entirely with second camera, that want warden brought 
 before Judge Nathan 
 Sternheim 
 • Want explanation directly from Warden why this is being done and why being done to GM; why degree of 
 surveillance and searches on GM 
 • Any searching and surveillance beyond what is done to other inmates 
 • Why locked in at 8 pm? 
 Sternheim 
 • Not saying GP is good for her; not using day room which would eliminate a lot of these issues; but have elected 
 not to do that 
 • Let warden explain why 
 • From MDC perspective, client gets more benefits than many inmates, gets special treatment given all access she 
 has 
 Sternheim 
 • Given other treatment, where she is virtually in solitary confinement; don't view giving her more time to review 
 discovery that ameliorates fact that she is being treated differently 
 • Client is first had where did not go to SHU, but went to own wing of jail where has access to computer, TV, etc., 
 that would have in GP; treated differently than someone who would ordinarily go to protective custody 
 Everdell 
 • Feel like there has to be some recognition from the Government that GM finds herself in position she is in b/c of 
 who she is; 
 • To hear that getting perks, from defense side, starts b/c she is put in solitary 
 • Not fair to say she is better off than other inmates 
 • In solitary, recorded 24 hours a day — b/c of who she is 
 • Want to make sure she is in her chair at trial b/c of what happened with Epstein 
 Sternheim 
 • Advocates of our client; putting you in role for being lawyer for BOP which is not correct 
 • Let warden say what he needs to say before the judge 
 • To recap, areas would like to see improved, surveillance — asking that second camera be removed entirely? Or is 
 there any modification that would be acceptable to you? 
 Sternheim 
 • don't have firm answer; don't think when meeting with her or every step of the way 
 • Will convey to BOP reducing use of camera and certainly not pointing into room where attorney meetings take 
 place 
 • Other issue is amount of searching — reduced to amount of searching that other inmates experience 
 • Waking her up at night — ask that do nothing differently than what do to check on other inmates at night 
 Everdell 
 • One other point on searches; when moves from isolation cell to day room to do discovery review, etc., that 
 involves a bunch of searches too; our understanding was plan was for her to be housed in day room 
 • Need to keep her in certain room when would limit movement and searches if housed in day room 
 • Will raise day room again 
 Sternheim 
 • Not allowed to maintain any food that she doesn't eat 
 • Think same for everyone; so that don't make hooch 
 EFTA00032006
From: "Westlaw a westlaw.com" <Westlaw@westlaw.com> 
 To: 
 Subject: U.S. v. Neill 
 Date: Wed, 11 Apr 2018 12:16:12 +0000 
 Attachments: US_v_Neill.rtf 
 sent you content from Westlaw. 
 Please see the attached file. 
 Item: U.S. v. Neill 
 Citation: 952 F.Supp. 834 
 Sent On: Wednesda Aril 11, 2018 
 Sent By: 
 Client I : 
 Note: 
 Westlaw m 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
 EFTA00032861
U.S. v. Neill, 952 F.Supp. 834 (1997) 
 4ii Interference in Attorney-Client Relationship 
 Tal KeyCite Yellow Flag - Negative Treatment 
 Declined to Follow by U.S. v. Taylor, DIvIc., February 9, 2011 
 952 
 F.Supp• 834 
 United States District Court, 
 District of Columbia. 
 UNITED STATES of America 
 v. 
 Denis M. NEILL, James P. Neill, Defendants. 
 Crim. Action No. 95-0323 (JHG). 
 Jan. 17, 1997. 
 Synopsis 
 Defendants charged with tax offenses moved to dismiss 
 due to government's invasion of their attorney-client 
 privilege. Government opposed motion. The District 
 Court, Joyce Hens Green, J., held that: (1) government's 
 affirmative decision to invoke "taint team" procedures 
 with regard to handling potentially privileged documents 
 was per se intentional intrusion upon defendants' 
 attorney -client privilege, but (2) government successfully 
 rebutted presumption of harm arising from its decision to 
 use "taint team" procedures. 
 Motion to dismiss denied; motion to supplement record 
 denied. 
 West Headnotes (14) 
 Ill Criminal Law 
 0 -Interference in Attorney-Client Relationship 
 121 
 Substantial questions of fundamental fairness 
 are raised when, in connection with criminal 
 prosecution, government invades accused's 
 attorney -client privilege. U.S.C.A. 
 Const.Amend. 6. 
 1 Cases that cite this headnote 
 Criminal Law 
 For purposes of constitutional violation arising 
 out of government's intrusion upon 
 attorney -client privilege, it matters little whether 
 intrusion occurred prior to initiation of formal 
 adversary proceedings, inasmuch as right to fair 
 trial may be crippled by government 
 interference with attorney-client privilege long 
 before formal commencement of criminal 
 proceeding. U.S.C.A. Const.Amend. 6. 
 I Cases that cite this headnote 
 131 
 Criminal Law 
 4. -Interference in Attorney-Client Relationship 
 Not every government intrusion on 
 attorney -client privilege is constitutional 
 violation. U.S.C.A. Const.Amend. 6. 
 3 Cases that cite this headnote 
 19 Criminal Law 
 taConsultation with Counsel; Privacy 
 When government agents acquire information 
 subject to attorney-client privilege, but do not 
 communicate that information to prosecutors, 
 there is no violation of accused's rights to fair 
 trial and effective assistance of counsel. 
 U.S.C.A. Const.Amend. 6. 
 Cases that cite this headnote 
 Criminal Law 
 iii Interference in Attorney-Client Relationship 
 Although there is presumption that information 
 subject to attorney-client privilege obtained by 
 government agents is conveyed to prosecution 
 team, government may rebut that presumption 
 WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 1 
 EFTA00032862
U.S. v. Neill, 952 F.Supp. 834 (1997) 
 by showing existence of suitable safeguards or 
 by demonstrating that there will be no prejudice 
 to defendants as result of these communications. 
 U.S.C.A. Const.Amend. 6. 
 2 Cases that cite this headnote 
 1 6 1 Criminal Law 
 -Sanctions for Breach of Prosecutorial Duties 
 There must be substantial demonstration of 
 prejudice before indictment can be dismissed 
 based on government's intrusion upon accused's 
 attorney -client privilege. U.S.C.A. 
 Const.Amend. 6. 
 Cases that cite this headnote 
 DTI Criminal Law 
 6 -Interference in Attorney-Client Relationship 
 Government's affirmative decision to invoke 
 "taint team" procedures with regard to handling 
 documents potentially subject to attorney-client 
 privilege, rather than follow more traditional 
 approach of submitting contested materials for 
 in camera review by magistrate, was per se 
 intentional intrusion upon privilege. U.S.C.A. 
 Const.Amend. 6. 
 5 Cases that cite this headnote 
 111 Criminal Law 
 +" Effect of Representation or Deprivation of 
 Rights 
 When government chooses to take matters into 
 its own hands with regard to handling of 
 information potentially subject to attorney-client 
 privilege, rather than using more traditional 
 alternatives of submitting disputed documents 
 under seal for in camera review by neutral and 
 detached magistrate or by court-appointed 
 special masters, government bears burden to 
 rebut presumption that tainted material was 
 provided to prosecution team. U.S.C.A. 
 Const.Amend. 6. 
 1 I Cases that cite this headnote 
 Criminal Law 
 ...Interference in Attorney-Client Relationship 
 Government successfully rebutted presumption 
 of harm arising from its decision to use "taint 
 team" procedures in handling information 
 potentially subject to attorney-client privilege, 
 rather than submitting disputed materials for in 
 camera review by court, in that government took 
 precautions to shield prosecution team from 
 viewing potentially privileged materials during 
 execution of search warrant, prosecution team 
 witnesses testified that they received no 
 privileged information from agents exposed to 
 potentially privileged materials, taint team took 
 sufficient precautions to ensure that prosecution 
 did not have access to potentially privileged 
 documents or become aware of those materials' 
 contents, prosecution team member sealed, 
 without reading, and delivered to taint team 
 potentially privileged materials he accidentally 
 discovered, and no evidence indicated that 
 government acquired defendants' trial theories 
 or strategies. U.S.C.A. Const.Amend. 6. 
 12 Cases that cite this headnote 
 1 10 1 Criminal Law 
 tio lnterference in Attorney-Client Relationship 
 Although factual disclosures obtained through 
 invasion of attorney-client privilege that enable 
 government to better investigate its case could 
 rise to level of Sixth Amendment violation if 
 substantial, disclosure of facts is presumptively 
 less harmful than disclosure of trial strategy. 
 U.S.C.A. Const.Amend. 6. 
 1 Cases that cite this headnote 
 WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 2 
 EFTA00032863
U.S. v. Neill, 952 F.Supp. 834 (1997) 
 Ildj 
 Criminal Law 
 S -Amendment and Correction 
 1111 
 Criminal Law 
 4•Particular Cases in General 
 Criminal Law 
 4 -' Miscellaneous Particular Issues 
 Disclosure to prosecution team of identity of 
 person associated with defendant, as result of 
 team member's inadvertent discovery of 
 document protected by attorney-client privilege, 
 did not violate defendant's rights to fair trial and 
 effective assistance of counsel. U.S.C.A. 
 Const.Amend. 6. 
 2 Cases that cite this headnote 
 1 13 1 Criminal Law 
 S -Sanctions for Breach of Prosecutorial Duties 
 Defendants were not entitled to dismissal on 
 ground that government improperly intruded 
 upon attorney-client privilege by examining 
 seized computer files when defendants failed to 
 assert privilege with respect to those materials. 
 U.S.C.A. Const.Amend. 6. 
 Cases that cite this headnote 
 1 11 1 Privileged Communications and 
 Confidentiality 
 ...Objections; Claim of Privilege 
 Privileged Communications and 
 Confidentiality 
 S -Presumptions and Burden of Proof 
 Proponent of attorney-client privilege bears 
 burden to establish its existence, and, absent 
 timely assertion of privilege for each specific 
 communication or document, no privilege will 
 be recognized. 
 I Cases that cite this headnote 
 Order granting government's request to 
 supplement the record, with regard to 
 defendants' motion to dismiss on ground that 
 government intruded upon attorney-client 
 privilege, did not provide equitable basis for 
 granting defendants' motion to supplement the 
 record, inasmuch as defendants did not object to 
 government's request and document admitted 
 pursuant to order had already been provided to 
 court with other documents submitted for in 
 camera review, based on defendants' request, 
 and therefore order merely ensured that 
 document was available to defendants. 
 Cases that cite this headnote 
 Attorneys and Law Firms 
 *836 John Martin Bray and Joseph Martin Jones, 
 Schwalb, Donnenfeld, Bray & Silbert, P.C., Washington, 
 DC, for Denis M. Neill. 
 Charles Taylor Smith, II, Ober, Kaler, Grimes & Shriver, 
 Baltimore, MD, Martha Purcell Rogers and Hartman E. 
 Blanchard, Ober, Kaler, Grimes & Shriver, Washington, 
 DC, for James P. Neill. 
 Richard A. Poole, U.S. Department of Justice, Criminal 
 Division, Fraud Section and John E. Sullivan, U.S. 
 Department of Justice, Criminal Section, Tax Division, 
 Washington, DC, for the U.S. 
 Opinion 
 MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER 
 JOYCE HENS GREEN, District Judge. 
 Pending before the Court is the defendants' Motion to 
 Dismiss due to the Government's Invasion of Their 
 Attorney —Client Privilege ("Motion to Dismiss"). After 
 determining that the defendants had made the requisite 
 preliminary showing under United States v. Kelly 790 
 F.2d 130, 137 (D.C.Cir.1986), the Court ordered an 
 evidentiary hearing on this issue. See United States v. 
 WEST LAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 3 
 EFTA00032864
U.S. v. Neill, 952 F.Supp. 834 (1997) 
 Neill, Memorandum Op. at 21 & 24 (JHG) (D.D.C. Oct. 
 10, 1996). Upon consideration of the evidence introduced 
 and testimony offered at the evidentiary hearing, in light 
 of the credibility and demeanor of the witnesses, as well 
 as the in camera submissions offered by both parties,' 
 their post-hearing briefs and the entire record in this 
 matter, the Motion to Dismiss will be denied. 
 L Findings of Fact 
 On October 27, 1993, federal agents executed four search 
 warrants at the office of Neill and Company, and the 
 homes of Defendants James and Denis Neill. On October 
 28th, a fifth warrant was executed to search Defendant 
 James Neill's safe deposit box at Columbia First Bank in 
 Washington, D.C. See Mem.Op. at 1-5. Approximately 
 sixty boxes of materials were seized, including 
 computers, computer files and data. Id. at 6. The seized 
 items were stored in a locked space at the IRS Office, 500 
 N. Capitol St., N.E., Washington, D.C. 
 While the affidavits to the search warrants and the search 
 execution memorandum stated that the federal agents 
 were not to seize documents on the letterhead of the 
 defendants' attorneys, these "letterhead documents" were 
 in fact seized over the oral and written objections of the 
 defendants.= The agents also seized other documents that 
 were not "letterhead documents" but some of which were 
 later claimed to be protected by attorney-client privilege. 
 In that the search warrants authorized the search of a law 
 office as well as the home of *837 Denis Neill, a lawyer, 
 the government provided measures to minimize the 
 potential intrusion upon the attorney-client privilege. FBI 
 agent attorneys were directed to serve as Principal Legal 
 Advisers ("PLA's") on site to review all potentially 
 privileged documents prior to seizure. See Mem.Op. at 6 
 (quoting Search Execution Memorandum of Oct. 19, 
 1993). The Search Execution Memorandum provided that 
 "search team members, with the advice of PLA's as 
 appropriate, should segregate and place in sealed 
 envelopes or separate boxes, items that may be subject to 
 the attorney-client privilege. This includes any items 
 which occupants of the search locations claim are 
 privileged." Id. (quoting Search Execution Mem. at 2). 
 The seizure of potentially privileged documents was 
 handled differently at different search sites. At Denis 
 Neill's home, after offering Denis Neill's counsel the 
 option of sealing the materials for off-site review or of 
 having the PLA conduct an immediate on-site review in 
 counsel's presence, counsel (over standing objection) 
 selected the latter. The PLA then reviewed each document 
 for which counsel claimed privilege, seizing some and 
 returning others to counsel. At the offices of Neill & 
 Company, without reviewing the potentially privileged 
 materials in James Neill's seized briefcase, the PLA 
 sealed those materials. At no time did the defendants' 
 counsel seek judicial intervention or file a motion for a 
 protective order. Nor did counsel ever file a motion under 
 Fed.R.Crim.P. 41(e). 
 Because materials asserted to be subject to the 
 attorney -client privilege had been seized, on October 
 28th, Deputy Chief of the Fraud Section Peter Clark 
 directed trial attorney Elisabethanne Stevens and her 
 supervisor, Barbara Corprew, to review those materials. 
 Stevens and Corprew formed what the Department of 
 Justice called a "taint team," meaning that their actions 
 would be "walled off" from the prosecution team thereby 
 ensuring that the prosecution team remained free of the 
 "taint" arising from exposure to potentially privileged 
 material. Stevens and Corprew's mandate was to review 
 documents for which the defendants claimed 
 attorney -client privilege, determine whether the 
 crime -fraud exception might be applicable, and, if 
 necessary, litigate the existence of the privilege or the 
 application of the crime-fraud exception! On October 
 29th, before he met with the defendants' counsel, 
 prosecutor Richard Poole (Senior Trial Attorney, Fraud 
 Section) was advised that Ms. Stevens would act in this 
 capacity. 
 On November I, 1993, the defendants' counsel met with 
 Poole to voice their objections to the seizure of materials 
 for which they claimed privilege and to demand the return 
 of the same.' While the defendants' counsel contend that 
 the government promised to return without review any 
 documents seized contrary to the search affidavits and 
 Search Execution Memorandum, Poole recalled telling 
 counsel that such documents would be returned, but only 
 after review by someone other than a "prosecution team" 
 member: "We discussed the fact that the fraud section had 
 identified a review team who would be looking at the 
 issues raised by the claims of privilege and 
 would —would be responsible for resolving them, 
 including litigation." Hearing Transcript ("Transcript") at 
 74 (Vol. I—B).6
 In a follow-up letter, the defendants' counsel requested 
 the return of thirteen items, none of which they claimed 
 were privileged but which were of a personal nature to the 
 defendants or their family. See Joseph •838 Jones' letter 
 of Nov. 4, 1993, at 1-2, Defendants' Exhibit ("DE") # 5. 
 The letter also stated: 
 With regard to the privileged items, 
 we propose to designate someone 
 WEST LAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 4 
 EFTA00032865
U.S. v. Neill, 952 F.Supp. 834 (1997) 
 from our office to immediately 
 review these items with Attorney 
 Elisabeth (sic) Stevens of your 
 office in order to segregate those 
 items which were clearly seized in 
 contravention of your instructions 
 to seize no correspondence, 
 memoranda, etc., emanating from 
 our offices or those of James 
 Neill's counsel, Martha P. Rogers, 
 Esq. There may be other materials 
 which are privileged 
 communications between Denis or 
 James Neill as clients, and others 
 (sic) attorneys." Id. at 2.' 
 On November 2nd, Stevens received two boxes which 
 included materials that the defendants claimed were 
 protected by the attorney-client privilege. While 
 Defendant Denis Neill's counsel did not designate anyone 
 pursuant to his letter of November 4th until approximately 
 one month later, Stevens was contacted directly by 
 Defendant James Neill's counsel, Martha Rogers, on 
 November 3, 1993. Rogers demanded the return of the 
 materials in James Neill's briefcase. She testified that she 
 was advised by Stevens that such materials would be 
 returned without review as soon as they were located. 
 However, Stevens testified that on or about November 
 8th, she advised Rogers that she would be reviewing those 
 documents before she could make a determination 
 whether they should be returned. Still, the defendants 
 made no request for judicial intervention. 
 During the course of the next several months, Stevens and 
 Corprew reviewed the initial delivery of potentially 
 privileged materials as well as other potentially privileged 
 documents later discovered among the seized items. In 
 two instances, IRS Special Agent Fort, a member of the 
 prosecution team, discovered documents that were 
 marked "attorney-client" privilege among the seized 
 items' Fort testified that, on or about December I, 1993, 
 after one of the defendants' counsel had reviewed the 
 seized materials and made an inventory, see Transcript at 
 83 & 104 (Vol. I-B), he began reviewing the materials. 
 While going through a three-ring binder, he happened 
 upon a tab that was labeled "Earl Glock—Attomey/Client." 
 After opening the notebook to the tab, he discovered what 
 appeared to him to be a legal opinion. He then removed 
 that section, without reading the potentially privileged 
 material, sealed the document and delivered it to Stevens. 
 See Transcript at 80-86 (Vol. I-B). Agent Brown, who 
 was present when Fort discovered and sealed the 
 document: , corroborated Fort's testimony. See Transcript 
 at 84-85 (Vol. II—B). Fort testified persuasively that he 
 neither showed the document to Poole nor did he discuss 
 what he may have gleaned of its content or even the fact 
 of its existence. See Transcript at 86 (Vol. I—B). The 
 document was later returned to the defendants by Stevens. 
 Another set of potentially privileged materials was 
 discovered by Fort on or about January 24, 1994. Fort 
 testified that while again reviewing documents that had 
 already been inspected and inventoried by defense 
 counsel, he opened a manila envelope for Federal City 
 National Bank which included documents that were 
 labeled as "attorney/client privileged." See Transcript at 
 87 (Vol. I—B). Fort testified that he did not •839 show the 
 documents to anyone or read them. See id. at 87-88 & 
 101. Instead, he immediately sealed them and then gave 
 the sealed materials to Brown, who delivered them to 
 Stevens. See Transcript at 101 (Vol. I—B); Transcript at 
 84-86 (Vol. II-B). 
 Eventually, all of the documents for which the defendants 
 asserted attorney-client privilege were returned to their 
 counsel. It is undisputed that Stevens and Corprew read 
 those materials. However, neither the evidence at the 
 hearing nor the in camera submission of over two boxes 
 of electronic mail messages and other documents indicate 
 that any privileged information flowed from the taint team 
 to the prosecution team. Instead, the record and in camera 
 materials reflect that Stevens and Corprew clearly 
 appreciated the need for isolating their review from the 
 prosecution and took steps on numerous occasions to 
 ensure that the substantive information in potentially 
 privileged documents was protected. Only those materials 
 for which attorney-client privilege was not asserted were 
 released to the prosecution team, and the record 
 demonstrates that this was done only after the defendants 
 were provided notice and an opportunity to claim 
 privilege. 
 In the course of their assignment, Stevens and Corprew 
 did not review the potentially privileged data that was 
 stored electronically. Unlike the letterhead documents and 
 other materials that were seized, however, there is no 
 evidence demonstrating that the defendants ever asserted 
 a claim of attorney-client privilege with respect to the 
 computer material. See, e.g., Transcript at 107-08 (Vol. 
 II -B). Nevertheless, in May and June of 1996, the 
 government established a computer "taint team." It 
 assigned Agent Ray Smith to download the files and 
 Agent Harvey Barlow to review them for materials that 
 were potentially privileged. See Government's 
 Supplemental Submission Regarding Issues Arising from 
 the Search Warrants, at App. 2. Potentially privileged 
 materials were deleted from the files prior to providing 
 the prosecution team with computer disks containing the 
 seized electronic files. While it is undisputed that the 
 prosecution team had access to the computers and 
 WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 5 
 EFTA00032866
U.S. v. NOM, 952 F.Supp. 834 (1997) 
 electronic files, the agents testified persuasively that they 
 did not access those files, and them is no evidence to the 
 contrary. Significantly, two prosecution team members 
 testified at the hearing that they lacked computer skills. 
 See Transcript at 77 (Vol. II—B); Transcript at 8 (Vol. 
 II —A). 
 II. Conclusions of Law 
 hl PI A criminal defendant is guaranteed the right to the 
 effective assistance of counsel. McMann v. Richardson, 
 397 U.S. 759, 771, 90 S.Ct. 1441, 1449, 25 L.Ed.2d 763 
 (1970); Coplon v. United States, 191 F.2d 749, 757 
 (D.C.Cir.1951), cert. denied, 342 U.S. 926, 72 S.Ct. 363, 
 96 L.Ed. 690 (1952). The attorney-client privilege, while 
 it has not been elevated to the level of a constitutional 
 right, see, e.g., United States v. White, 970 F.2d 328, 336 
 (7th Cir.1992), is key to the constitutional guarantees of 
 the right to effective assistance of counsel and a fair trial. 
 Coplon, 191 F.2d at 757. To provide effective assistance, 
 a lawyer must be able to communicate freely without fear 
 that his or her advice and legal strategy will be seized and 
 used against the client in a criminal proceeding. See 
 United States v. Levy, 577 F.2d 200, 209 (3rd Cir.1978); 
 United States v. Rosner, 485 F.2d 1213, 1224 (2nd 
 Cir.1973), cert. denied, 417 U.S. 950, 94 S.Ct 3080, 41 
 L.Ed.2d 672 (1974). One of the principal purposes of the 
 attorney -client privilege is to promote the free and open 
 exchange between the attorney and client, see Fisher v. 
 United States, 425 U.S. 391, 403, 96 S.Ct. 1569, 1577, 48 
 L.Ed.2d 39 (1976), and substantial questions of 
 fundamental fairness are raised where, in connection with 
 a criminal prosecution, the government invades that 
 privilege. It matters little whether the intrusion occurred 
 prior to the initiation of formal adversary proceedings, see 
 Kirby v. Illinois, 406 U.S. 682, 689, 92 S.Ct. 1877, 1882, 
 32 L.Ed.2d 411 (1972), because the right to a fair trial 
 could be crippled by government interference with the 
 attorney -client privilege long before the formal 
 commencement of a criminal proceeding. 
 PI 
 I 1151 "An independent judiciary and a sacrosanct 
 confidential relationship between lawyer and client are 
 the bastions of an ordered liberty." Edna Selan Epstein, 
 The Attorney—Client Privilege and the Work— *840 
 Product Doctrine 2 (3rd ed. 1997). Nonetheless, not every 
 intrusion on the attorney-client privilege constitutes a 
 constitutional violation. Under Weatherford v. Bursey, 
 429 U.S. 545, 554, 97 S.Ct. 837, 843, 51 L.Ed.2d 30 
 (1977), an intrusion may result in a constitutional 
 violation if privileged information is intentionally 
 obtained and used to the defendant's detriment at trial. 
 Where government agents acquire privileged information, 
 but do not communicate that information to the 
 prosecutors, there is no Sixth Amendment violation. Id. at 
 555, 97 S.Ct. at 843-44; see United States v. Kelly, 790 
 F.2d 130, 137 (D.C.Cir.1986). While there is a 
 presumption that the information is conveyed to the 
 prosecution team, Briggs v. Goodwin, 698 F.2d 486, 495 
 (D.C.Cir.1983), vacated on other grounds, 712 F.2d 1444, 
 cert. denied, 464 U.S. 1040, 104 S.Ct. 704, 79 L.Ed.2d 
 169 (1984), the government may rebut that presumption 
 by showing the existence of suitable safeguards, id. at 495 
 n. 29, or by demonstrating that "there will be no prejudice 
 to the defendants as a result of these communications." 
 United States v. Mastroianni, 749 F.2d 900, 908 (1st 
 Cir.I984). See generally Note, Government Intrusions 
 into the Defense Camp: Undermining the Right to 
 Counsel, 97 Harv.L.Rev. 1143, 1150 (1984). 
 161 Under Weatherford and Kelly, four factors are relevant 
 as to whether an alleged intrusion into the attorney-client 
 privilege offends the Constitution: (1) whether evidence 
 to be used at trial was obtained directly or indirectly by 
 the government intrusion; (2) whether the intrusion was 
 intentional; (3) whether the prosecution received 
 otherwise confidential information about trial preparation 
 or defense strategy as a result of the intrusion; and (4) 
 whether the privileged information was used or will be 
 used to the substantial detriment of the defendants. 
 Weatherford, 429 U.S. at 558, 97 S.Ct. at 845; Kelly, 790 
 F.2d at 137. While neither the Supreme Court nor this 
 Circuit have yet explained how these factors are to be 
 weighed, and the other circuits remain split, see Kelly, 
 790 F.2d at 137 & n. 5, it is clear that there must a 
 substantial demonstration of prejudice before an 
 indictment can be dismissed. See United States v. 
 Morrison, 449 U.S. 361, 365, 101 S.Ct. 665, 668, 66 
 L.Ed.2d 564 (1981). 
 In this case, there can be no doubt that the government 
 intentionally invaded the attorney-client privilege. The 
 government all but concedes that materials subject to the 
 privilege were reviewed during the execution of the 
 search warrant and more were seized and sealed.'0
 Stevens, an attorney assigned to the Department of 
 Justice's Fraud Section, testified that she read most (but 
 not all) of the potentially privileged materials to 
 determine whether the crime-fraud exception applied. 
 Moreover, at least one agent, PLA Rebecca Granger, read 
 materials for which Defendant Denis Neill's counsel 
 asserted privilege during the search of Denis Neill's 
 home! , These intrusions were not accidental; they were 
 deliberate and intentional." 
 171 
 I I/ I While the parties dispute whether courts have 
 sanctioned the Department of Justice's "taint team" 
 WEST LAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 6 
 EFTA00032867
U.S. v. Neill, 952 F.Supp. 834 (1997) 
 procedures," it is clear that the government's affirmative 
 decision to *841 invoke these procedures constitutes a per 
 se intentional intrusion. See Weatherford, 429 U.S. at 558, 
 97 S.Ct. at 845; Kelly, 790 F.2d at 137." Where the 
 government chooses to take matters into its own hands 
 rather than using the more traditional alternatives of 
 submitting disputed documents under seal for in camera 
 review by a neutral and detached magistrate or by 
 court -appointed special masters, see, e.g., United States v. 
 Zolin, 491 U.S. 554, 570-71, 109 S.Ct. 2619, 2629-30, 
 105 L.Ed.2d 469 (1989); In re Grand July Proceedings, 
 867 F.2d 539, 540 (9th Cir.1989); In re Impounded Case, 
 840 F.2d 196, 202 (3rd Cir.I988); In re Berkley and 
 Company, 629 F.2d 548, 550 (8th Cir.1980); United 
 States v. Osborn, 561 F.2d 1334, 1338-39 (9th Cir. 1977); 
 In re Subpoena Addressed to Murphy 560 F.2d 326, 331 
 (8th Cir.1977); Hartford Assocs. v. United States, 792 
 F.Supp. 358, 367 (D.N.J.1992), it bears the burden to 
 rebut the presumption that tainted material was provided 
 to the prosecution team. Briggs, 698 F.2d at 495 n. 29 
 ("The government is, of course, free to rebut this 
 presumption, by showing, for example, procedures in 
 place to prevent such intragovemmental 
 communications."). 
 191 However, an intrusion into the attorney-client privilege, 
 standing alone, does not per se violate the Constitution. If 
 the government demonstrates that no harm, that is, no 
 privileged information regarding trial strategy or 
 otherwise has been communicated to the prosecutors and 
 used to the defendants' detriment, there is no 
 constitutional violation. Weatherford, 429 U.S. at 558, 97 
 S.Ct. at 845; Kelly 790 F.2d at 137. In this instance, 
 based upon the evidence and testimony offered at the 
 evidentiary hearing, including the demeanor and 
 credibility of the witnesses as well as the Court's review 
 of voluminous materials submitted under seal for in 
 camera inspection and the entire record in this matter, the 
 Court is satisfied that the government has carried its 
 burden to rebut the presumption of harm. 
 First, the government took precautions to shield the 
 prosecution team from viewing potentially privileged 
 materials during the execution of the search warrants. 
 Only Agent Fort was present during the searches and then 
 only for a short time. Fort testified persuasively that he 
 did not read the content of any potentially privileged 
 materials, and his testimony was not undermined on 
 cross-examination or through other evidence. Second, the 
 prosecution team witnesses testified that, to their 
 knowledge, they received no privileged information from 
 the agents who may have been exposed to potentially 
 privileged materials, such as Agent Granger, the PLA on 
 site during the search of Defendant Denis Neill's home. 
 Finally, the taint team took sufficient precautions to 
 ensure that the prosecution team did not have access to 
 the potentially privileged documents or become aware of 
 the content of those materials. When potentially 
 privileged materials were later inadvertently discovered 
 among the sixty boxes of seized items by Agent Fort, a 
 prosecution team member, he acted responsibly by sealing 
 the materials without reading them. He then had them 
 delivered to the taint team for review. 
 The defendants contended at the evidentiary hearing 
 (generally through bench conferences the transcripts of 
 which have been sealed) that the government acquired 
 information that will be used to their detriment. However, 
 based on the Court's independent review of the 
 defendants' sealed filing for in camera review (and 
 contrary to the defendants' assertion), there is no evidence 
 that the government acquired the defendants' trial theories 
 or strategy. Compare Levy, 577 F.2d at 210 ("actual 
 disclosure of defense strategy"). 
 IrW 1"l At most, the potentially privileged materials 
 reviewed by the government contained facts identifying 
 entities and persons. *842 CI Upjohn Co. v. United 
 States, 449 U.S. 383, 395-96, 101 S.Ct. 677, 685-86, 66 
 L.Ed.2d 584 (1981) (distinguishing between protection 
 provided to attorney-client communications and facts 
 underlying those communications). While factual 
 disclosures enabling the government to better investigate 
 its case could rise to the level of a Sixth Amendment 
 violation if substantial, see United States v. Castor, 937 
 F.2d 293, 297 (7th Cir.1991), the disclosure of facts is 
 presumptively less harmful than the disclosure of trial 
 strategy. Here the government has demonstrated to the 
 Court's satisfaction that no privileged information, factual 
 or otherwise, flowed from the taint team to the 
 prosecution team. Consequently, there is no evidence of a 
 harmful disclosure resulting from the taint team's review. 
 The only information that the prosecution team may 
 possibly have acquired arose from Agent Fort's 
 inadvertent discovery of Earl Clock's identity. After the 
 defendants' counsel reviewed the materials, Fort 
 discovered the notebook with a tab marked "Earl 
 GlockJAttorney-Client."" The inadvertent disclosure of 
 this fact does not constitute constitutional harm. 
 In sum, the Court has not seen any potentially privileged 
 materials that were seized and presumably" reviewed by 
 the government and which can reasonably be construed as 
 trial strategy. While some factual information was 
 reviewed by the taint team, the record in this matter, 
 including the in camera submissions, indicates that none 
 fl owed to the prosecution team. Agent Fort's discovery of 
 the tab identifying "Earl Clock/Attorney—Client" can only 
 be characterized as inadvertent. The defendants' argument 
 that the government derived its factual knowledge from 
 WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 7 
 EFTA00032868
U.S. v. Neill, 952 F.Supp. 834 (1997) 
 material protected by the attorney-client privilege is based 
 on bare speculation, and, for the reasons stated above, it is 
 rejected. 
 l i n "31 As to the computer files, the defendants' charge 
 fails at the outset simply because they have not shown 
 that they asserted the attorney-client privilege with 
 respect to those materials. The proponent of the privilege 
 bears the burden to establish its existence, United States v. 
 (Under Seal), 748 F.2d 871, 876 (4th Cir.I 984); United 
 States v. Covington & Burling, 430 F.Supp. 1117, 1122 
 (D.D.C.I 977), and absent the timely assertion of 
 attorney -client privilege for each specific communication 
 or document, no privilege will be recognized. United 
 States v. White, 970 F.2d 328, 334 (7th Cir. I 992). Since 
 there is no evidence of such an assertion by the 
 defendants, it is unsurprising that neither Stevens nor 
 Corprew were asked to review computer files. Indeed, 
 Stevens testified that she was unaware of the existence of 
 these files. Nonetheless, even though there was no claim 
 of attorney-client privilege, the government did 
 implement a computer taint team to review files on 
 computer disks." Absent the timely assertion of privilege, 
 the defendants cannot now complain. 
 Ill. Defendant's Motion to Supplement the Record 
 Over a month after the conclusion of the evidentiary 
 hearing, the defendants filed a motion to Compel 
 Production and to Supplement the Record of the 
 November 4-5, 1996 Evidentiary Hearing ("Motion to 
 Supplement the Record"). At the hearing, the Court 
 consistently denied the defendants' request *843 that the 
 government be required to produce to the defendants 
 copies of the government's internal memoranda, 
 electronic mail and other materials which would reveal 
 the government's deliberations. However, in response to 
 the defendants' repeated requests, the Court eventually 
 ordered the government to produce certain internal 
 documents for in camera review. The government did so, 
 to the tune of two very full boxes of materials which 
 document the taint team's actions and trace internal 
 Department of Justice communications to and from 
 Stevens and Corprew)2 The Court is not persuaded that 
 additional disclosures are justified or that supplementation 
 Footnotes 
 would be helpful to resolving the Motion to Dismiss. 
 NI The defendants support their motion by arguing 
 fairness and noting specifically that the Court granted the 
 government's request to supplement the record with a 
 memorandum from Michael Shaheen of the Department 
 of Justice's Office of Professional Responsibility. See 
 Order of December 9, 1996. The Shaheen memorandum 
 simply reflects his finding that the Fraud Section engaged 
 in no misconduct), While the defendants did not object to 
 the government's motion to file the Shaheen 
 memorandum, the Court notes that this document was 
 already available to her as part of Ms. Corprew's files, 
 which were submitted for in camera review based upon 
 the defendants' request at the evidentiary hearing. By 
 granting the government's unopposed motion, the Court 
 merely ensured that the Shaheen memorandum was also 
 available to the defendants. The Court's Order of 
 December 9th simply establishes no equitable ground 
 upon which to grant the Motion to Supplement the 
 Record. 
 In sum, the parties were provided a sufficient opportunity 
 to develop the evidentiary record, and the defendants' 
 request for disclosure of additional materials will be 
 denied. 
 IV. Conclusion 
 Accordingly, it is hereby 
 ORDERED that the defendants' Motion to Dismiss is 
 denied; and it is 
 FURTHER ORDERED that the defendants' Motion to 
 Supplement the Record is denied. 
 IT IS SO ORDERED. 
 All Citations 
 952 F.Supp. 834 
 While the Court has considered the in camera submissions of the parties (filed under seal), the Court has taken care not to disclose 
 the specific contents of those submissions in this Memorandum Opinion. 
 2 The Fourth Amendment issues stemming from the search have been resolved and are not presently before the Court. 
 WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 8 
 EFTA00032869
U.S. v. Neill, 952 F.Supp. 834 (1997) 
 3 Two categories of potentially privileged documents have been discussed in the course of litigating this motion: (1) communications 
 between the defendants and their counsel, which in the context of this criminal proceeding have constitutional significance; and (2) 
 communications between Denis Neill, as a lawyer, and his clients (including Kamel Fatah), which while such communications 
 may be privileged, they have no constitutional significance here. 
 4 No litigation directly resulted from the taint team's review because the defendants never filed any motions for a protective order or 
 under Rule 41(e) and because the government never contested the applicability of the attorney-client privilege or raised the 
 crime -fraud exception. 
 5 IRS Special Agent Sherry Brown also attended the meeting. Her contemporaneous notes were introduced into evidence at the 
 evidentiary hearing. See Defendants' Exhibit # 7. 
 6 Poole further testified that he "told them that the prosecution team would not review any of the documents as to which claims of 
 privilege had been raised until those questions were resolved." Transcript at 75 (Vol. I—B). While it is possible, as the defendants 
 contend, that as of the November I, 1993, meeting, the prosecutor intended to return the letterhead documents without review, 
 whether he did so intend but later changed his mind is not relevant to disposition of the instant motion. 
 7 This letter does not appear to be the "smoking gun" that the government contends. While it could be construed, as the government 
 argues, to reflect defense counsel's acknowledgment that all potentially privileged materials would be reviewed, it can also be 
 reasonably construed to reflect counsel's understanding that he was to designate someone to assist in the segregation of 
 "letterhead" documents from other materials so that the former could be returned without review by the government. Nevertheless, 
 it is unnecessary to resolve this dispute in order to resolve the instant motion. 
 The defendants also challenge Fort's presence during the search of the office of Neill and Company on October 27, 1993. 
 However, Fon denied reviewing any documents during the search or discussing the contents of any documents with the seizing 
 agents, see Transcript at 80-81 (Vol. I-B), and the defendants have offered no evidence to the contrary. 
 9 Agent Brown testified that Fort wanted her to witness that, upon finding the potentially privileged materials, he sealed them 
 immediately and did not read them. Transcript at 84 (Vol. II-B). 
 10 The government consistently contended at the hearing that the materials were only "potentially" privileged. However, the decisions 
 by the taint team to return to the defendants those documents for which the defendants asserted privilege, and to release to the 
 prosecution team only those for which the defendants did not claim privilege, does more than imply concession. 
 I I Neither side called Agent Granger to testify at the evidentiary hearing. 
 12 On the other hand, the discoveries by Agent Fort are most fairly characterized as inadvertent since he happened upon potentially 
 privileged materials after defense counsel had reviewed the boxes containing seized material. Fort testified that he was surprised to 
 find this material because, in fact, defense counsel and support staff had already inspected and inventoried the materials. 
 13 Although the more traditional approach is to submit contested materials for in camera review by a neutral and detached magistrate 
 (for obvious reasons), the case law regarding the government's "taint team" approach is equivocal. Compare In re Search Warrant 
 for Law Offices, 153 F.R.D. 55 (S.D.N.Y.I 994) (criticizing "walling" in review of disputed attorney-client materials) with United 
 States v. Noriegp 764 F.Supp. 1480 (S.D.Fla.1991) (finding no Sixth Amendment violation where the government agent reviewing 
 monitored attorney-client conversations was 'walled off' from prosecutors). 
 14 This decision is troubling indeed, and there is no doubt that, at the very least, the "taint team" procedures create an appearance of 
 unfairness. However unwise this policy decision may be, absent a showing of harm, it does not offend the Constitution. While this 
 Court is critical of the government's use of the "taint team" procedure, that criticism is not intended to carry over to the individual 
 attorneys who were assigned to perform as part of the taint team. The record reflects that these attorneys appreciated the sensitivity 
 of their assignments and took affirmative measures to ensure that no breach of the "walls" actually occurred. 
 I5 In cross-examining the prosecution team members at the evidentiary hearing, the defendants contended that the government 
 acquired factual information identifying certain persons and business entities. However, with the exception of Earl Glock (who was 
 identified in a document discovered inadvertently), the government witnesses persuasively testified that those entities were known 
 to the investigators prior to the search. This testimony was not surprising. The investigation of the Neills and their business 
 activities dates to at least 1991, and the abundant record in this matter indicates that the scope of the investigation (even prior to the 
 searches of October 27, 1993) was wide ranging indeed. 
 WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 9 
 EFTA00032870
• How much time she needs to review discovery? We understand a lot of discovery; have been over-inclusive in 
 what we have given you; we have given you material that we don't anticipate using at trial, that doesn't relate to 
 your client; 1.2 million documents is searchable to help expedite review 
 • If think client needs more than 13 hours a day, please let me know; when pushed MDC to allow for time to 
 review discovery, have been responsive 
 Everdell 
 • Only get extension cord after laptop dies; don't know if has gotten better 
 Assistant United States Attorney 
 United States Attorney's Office 
 Southern District of New York 
 One St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, New York 10007 
 Tel: 
 EFTA00032007
U.S. v. NOM, 952 F.Supp. 834 (1997) 
 16 As noted previously, Stevens returned certain documents without review based upon Roger's representations on or about 
 November 15, 1993. 
 17 The testimony at the hearing indicated that some of the files were printed and read by at least Agent Fort prior to the computer taint 
 team's review. Nevertheless, even though the defendants knew that the government had seized the electronic data and equipment, 
 they have not demonstrated that they asserted their attorney-client privilege with respect to any material stored electronically. 
 18 The communications were not limited to those between Stevens and Corprew. 
 19 While interesting, Mr. Shaheen's ethics determination for departmental employees bears little, if any, relevance to the 
 constitutional analysis under Weatherfred and Kelly. 
 End of Document C 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 
 WESTLAW © 2018 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works. 10 
 EFTA00032871
From: ' (USANYS) 6" <1 
 To: (USANYS)" <1 
 Subject: Re: Law360 
 Date: Thu, 11 Feb 2021 14:56:44 +0000 
 Thanks, . Do you mind letting me know if you get more inquiries on this, including from other outlets? 
 (Bloomberg has been contacting me, and I've been ignoring.) 
 On Feb 11, 2021, at 8:34 AM, 
 I meant I *won't share further! 
 Excited for you, and good luck!! 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Feb 11, 2021, at 8:32 AM, 
 Thanks, I appreciate it. 
 (USANYS) < > wrote: 
 On Feb 11, 2021, at 8:28 AM, 
 (USANYS) 6 < > wrote: 
 (USANYS) <1 > wrote: 
 I obviously include this in clips or share further. 
 Just thought you'd want to see this if you already hadn't. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 Ft 
 Tt 
 ci
 C 
 Subject: Law360 
 3 Names To Watch As Biden Mulls Next SDNY Top 
 Prosecutor 
 By Pete Brush 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 EFTA00032872
Share us on: 
 Law360, New York (February 10, 2021, 5:41 
 PM EST) -- President Joe Biden is ramping 
 up the process of choosing new top federal 
 prosecutors across the country, and while he 
 may not rush to replace Manhattan U.S. 
 Attorney Audrey Strauss, lawyers have their 
 eye on a handful of her potential successors. 
 The application process to helm the U.S. 
 Attorney's Office for the Southern District of 
 New York, a process that court-watchers say 
 is active and includes a large pool of 
 candidates, comes as the Biden 
 administration begins the work of replacing 
 U.S. attorneys appointed by former President 
 Donald Trump, who have all been asked to 
 step down. 
 But the president may not hurry to replace 
 Strauss, who in December was formally 
 appointed as U.S. attorney by federal judges 
 amid the chaos of the outgoing Trump 
 administration. 
 Strauss, who of late has brought high-profile 
 cases including sex-abuse charges against 
 Jeffrey Epstein associate Ghislaine 
 Maxwelland ex-fashion executive Peter 
 Nygard, is well-regarded, and her presence 
 leaves the White House the luxury of taking 
 its time on SDNY if it wishes to prioritize 
 dozens of other districts across the country. 
 "She has a stellar reputation inside and 
 outside the office," Pace Law School 
 professor Bennett L. Gershman said of 
 EFTA00032873
Strauss. 
 Nevertheless the application process is 
 underway in the Southern District, sources 
 said, with Senate Majority Leader Chuck 
 Schumer, D-N.Y., holding powerful sway over 
 the process. Asked to handicap top possible 
 successors, lawyers named three people: 
 Damian 
 Williams is a veteran SDNY 
 prosecutor who heads the district's Securities 
 and Commodities Fraud Task Force. He 
 prosecuted former politicians Sheldon Silver 
 and Chris Collins in recent years, and is 
 widely regarded as a steadying presence 
 inside the halls at 1 St. Andrew's Plaza. 
 Williams, who would be the first Black person 
 to head the office, is a former law clerk for 
 D.C. Circuit Judge Merrick B. Garland, 
 Biden's nominee for attorney general who is 
 slated for a Feb. 22 confirmation hearing in 
 the Senate. 
 The Garland clerk chain, dozens strong, 
 could be fertile ground for possible picks, 
 lawyers said, on the theory that a pre-existing 
 relationship with the man who likely will lead 
 Biden's Department of Justice could be 
 valuable. 
 Katherine Goldstein 
 A white collar partner at Akin Gump Strauss 
 Hauer & Feld LLP, Katherine Goldstein is a 
 former SDNY Securities and Commodities 
 EFTA00032874
Fraud Task Force chief with a sharp legal 
 mindwho has worked on modernizing and 
 improving insider trading enforcement. She 
 has handled a number of high-profile white 
 collar fraud cases. 
 After Strauss and Mary Jo White, who held 
 the post from 1993 until 2002, Goldstein 
 would be the third woman to take the job in its 
 more -than 200 year history, if confirmed. 
 Anjan Sahni 
 Like Williams and Goldstein, Anjan Sahni, a 
 WilmerHale white collar partner, is a former 
 SDNY Securities and Commodities Fraud 
 Task Force chief. 
 Sahni, who is of South Asian descent, also is 
 noted for his work on a defense team 
 that won acquittal for Citigroup trader Rohan 
 Ramchandani in a closely-watched forex-
 rigging criminal trial. 
 Williams, Goldstein and Sahni are all said to 
 be friendly with, and have professional ties to, 
 former Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet 
 Bharara, who was fired by the Trump 
 administration in 2017. Sources said Bharara 
 has a direct line to Schumer as the 
 application process unfolds. 
 --Editing by Jill Coffey. 
 EFTA00032875
From: ' (USANYS)' 
 alla' 
 To: al•SlYS" alMIIM>, " 
 (USANY 
 , 
 .. USANYS)" 
 >, "aSNYS)" 
 al USANYS " 
 a , " 
 (USA 
 Subject: Agenda for tomorrow's meeting 
 Date: Wed, 07 Jul 2021 14:54:33 +0000 
 Attachments: 2021.07.08_agenda.docx; Maxwell_Opinionnunsealed.pdf 
 (USANYS)" 
 Hi all, 
 Draft agenda attached. See you tomorrow. Let me know if any additional updates or items for the agenda. 
 -Janis 
 EFTA00032876
From: 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 (USANYS)" alMIE> 
 'la 
 SANYS 
 It 
 USANYS " 
 (USANYS)" 
 Subject: Emailing - 2016-10-19 Conflict List.pdf 
 Date: Wed, 19 Oct 2016 20:05:24 +0000 
 Importance: Normal 
 Attachments: 2016-10-19_Conflict_List.pdf 
 USANYS)" 
 As I mentioned, we have an appearance before Judge Koeltl tomorrow at 11 am and we likely need to have a substitution 
 of counsel for a defendant. Please see attached our conflict list. Bobbie Stemheim and Ruhnke are both conflicted. 
 Thank you and please call with any questions. 
 = 
 EFTA00032877
From: " (USANYS)" czi 
 To: "1 (USANYS)" czi 
 Subject: MCC 
 Date: Fri, 31 Jan 2020 12:44:22 +0000 
 (USANYS)" 
 https://www.law360.cominewyork/articles/1239180/judge-rebukes-epstein-guard-slawyer-over-vacation- lam')
 nl_pk=7ed5lelf-2a58-4762-9df6-
 317db76d192&utm source=newsletter&utm mediumremai l&utm_campaign=newyork 
 Sent from my iPad 
 EFTA00032878
Subject: Re: travel approval request 
 Date: Wed, 12 Feb 2020 11:43:21 +0000 
 Approved 
 Sent from my iPad 
 On Feb 11, 2020, at 7:53 PM, 
 a 
 wrote: 
 Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), and I would like to please 
 request permission for the two of us to travel next week for an interview of a witness in Pensacola, Florida on 2/19. 
 We'd plan to fly down on 2/18 and fly back on 2/19. Also, similar to prior requests, we'd like to request approval to get a 
 conference room on 2/19. 
 Thank you, 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, January 21, 2020 2:56 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 Approved 
 From: 
 ) 
 Sent: Tuesday, January 21, 2020 2:49 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 S 
 >; 
 )c>; 
 Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), but with an added international 
 element, we'd like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview near Stockholm, 
 Sweden, next week on January 29th and/or 30th. We expect to be traveling, respectively, some combination of the 27th 
 (overnight) to the 31st, depending on when the interview ends up being scheduled, and we'll put final dates on our 
 formal applications. Also similar to prior trips, we'd like to request approval to get a conference room for one of those 
 days at a hotel for the interview itself. 
 EFTA00032879
Also based on our discussion earlier we'll be mindful of looking for domestic (or domestic-flagged) carrier flights, as well 
 as the costs of any alternatives, in looking at possible specific bookings. Thanks as always for your help and input on 
 that. 
 thank you, 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, December 11, 2019 09:58 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 S 
 >; 
 Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
 permission for the team to travel next week for an interview (or possibly interviews) in Los Angeles on December 16 
 and/or 17. We expect to be traveling, respectively, some combination of the 15th to the 18th. Also similar to prior trips, 
 we'd like to request approval to get a conference room for one of those days. 
 thank you, 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, November 05, 2019 16:53 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 S 
 <->; 
 Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
 permission for the team to travel next week for an interview in Los Angeles on November 14. We expect to be traveling, 
 respectively, some combination of the 13th to the 15th (and no conference room necessary for this trip). 
 thanks, 
 From: 
 Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 13:55 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 >; 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 S 
 EFTA00032880
From: 
 To:'
 Bcc: "USAHUB-USAJouma1111" 
 Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon 
 Date: Mon, 30 Nov 2020 20:07:17 +0000 
 Embedded: RE:_Ghislaine_Maxwell_Pardon.msg 
 Sender: 
 Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon 
 Message -Id: 
 <SN5P110MB044584701D2DIBC3FE7F91E182F50@SN5P110MB0445.NAMP110.PROD.OUTLOOK.COM 
 To: 
 EFTA00032008
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
 permission to travel next week for an interview in West Palm Beach on November 4. It will just be me and 
 and we'll travel some combination of the 3rd to the 5th. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to 
 reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
 thanks very much, 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, June 12, 2019 14:51 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 S 
 Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
 week for a victim interview in Los Angeles. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Wednesday and return no later 
 than Friday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). The trip will be some combination of me, 
 M, and/or as previously. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference 
 room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
 thanks very much, 
 From: 
 Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 14:57 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 S 
 Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
 three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly 
 down Tuesday night and return on Wednesday or Thursday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). 
 Unfortunately we're still trying to pin down timing for interviewing the victims, so depending on the timing it will either 
 be me and or and but we wanted to ask for permission now either way so we weren't doing it 
 super last minute after the holiday on Tuesday. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a 
 conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
 thanks very much, 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:57 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: travel approval request 
 EFTA00032881
Thank you 
 From: 
 Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:46 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: travel approval request 
 Approved 
 Sent from my iPad 
 On Apr 3, 2019, at 8:02 PM, 
 S 
 >; 
 > wrote: 
 For the same case as below, United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for 
 sexual activity, and I would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
 for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night 
 and return on Friday, though we will shorten the timeframe if scheduling allows. 
 Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, March 14, 2019 18:32 
 To: 
 Cc: ) < 
 Subject: travel approval request 
 S 
 and I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
 investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, for two days of meetings and interviews in West Palm 
 Beach and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As of now we're hoping to fly down next Wednesday night and return on 
 Saturday. 
 Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney 
 Southern District of New York 
 EFTA00032882
From: 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Notice of Contract Award 15JA5419P00000377 
 Date: Thu, 22 Aug 2019 13:28:56 +0000 
 Attachments: contract.pdf 
 Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.jpg 
 Attached is a contract for your video/audio services; please retain for your records. 
 The period of performance of this contract is from 8/22/2019 - 11/21/2019. The total estimated value of this 
 contract is $12,262.50. 
 If you have any contract related questions, please don't hesitate to contact me. For service request related 
 questions, please reach out to AUSA 
 Please email all invoices and payment related questions tn 
 the following information on your invoice correspondence: 
 • Contract# 15JA5419P00000377 
 • Reference# R19NY518025 
 Contract Specialist (FAC-C/COR III) 
 U.S. Attorney's Office, Southern District of New York 
 86 Chambers St. /New York, N.Y. 10007 
 Remember to include 
 EFTA00032883
15JA5419P00000377 Page 1 of 3 
 ORDER FOR SUPPLIES OR SERVICES 
 IMPORTANT: Mark as packages and papers vrith contract axe*/ order numbers. 
 1. DATE OF ORDER 
 08/22/2019 
 2. CONTRACT NO. Merry) a SHIP TO 
 a. NAME OF CONSIGN 
 U.S. Alt0Mcvs Office Southern District of New York 
 3. ORDER NO. 
 I 5M5419P00000377 
 4. REQUISITION/REFERENCE NO. 
 IMA54-19-PR-0457 
 b STREET ADDRESS 
 One St. Andrew's Plan 
 U.S. Attorneys Office Southern District of New York 
 One Si. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York. NY 10007 C. CITY 
 New York 
 d. STATE 
 NY 
 o. ZIP CODE 
 10007 
 I. SHIP VIA 
 7. TO. 
 a. NAME OF CONTRACTOR 
 AUDIO PAINT 
 & TYPE OF ORDER 
 X 
 REFERENCE 
 a. PURCHASE 
 YOUR. 
 ❑ 
 b. DELIVERY — Except for 
 bang instructions on the reverse. 
 this is 
 b. COMPANY NAME 
 DUNS: 022421061 
 Please furnish the follaning on the 
 tames and cosditions spoofiod on both 
 5403 c4 this or and on the 
 cameo 
 sheet. d any. Including delivery as 
 indicated. 
 delivery order subject to 
 Instructions contained on this side 
 °coy of this loon and Is Issued sutioct 
 to the terms and condibonS athe 
 above -numbered contraC. 
 e. STREET ADDRESS 
 204 W 84TH ST 
 U.S. Attorneys Office Southern District of New York 
 One St. Andrew's Plaza 
 New York, NY 10007 
 d. CITY 
 NEW YORK 
 e. STATE 
 NY 
 f. ZIP CODE 
 10024-4606 
 9. ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA 
 USA -2019-0322A D1R-JC2-N YS-USA-DI R-25105-2529.2019 
 11. 
 X 
 ❑
 I. 
 BUSINESS CLASSIFICATION (Chock 
 a. SMALL ❑b. OTHER THAN 
 SERVICE -DISABLED 
 VETERAN -OWNED 
 O 
 ❑ELIGIBLE 
 appmpriale box(es)) 
 SMALL ❑ C. DISADVANTAGED O d WOMEN-OWNED 
 g. WOMEN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESS (WOSB) 
 UNDER THE WOSB PROGRAM 
 II 
 ❑e. HUBZone 
 h. EDWOSB 
 12. F.OB. POINT 
 13. PLACE OF 14. GOVERNMENT lin. NO. 15. DELIVER TO F.O.B. POINT ON 
 OR BEFORE (Ore)
 IS. DISCOUNT TERMS 
 NET 30 
 a. INSPECTION b. ACCEPTANCE 
 ITEM NO. 
 Ca) 
 SUPPLIES OR SERVICES 
 (b) 
 QUANTITY 
 ORDERED 
 (c) 
 UNIT 
 (d) 
 UNIT PRICE 
 (e) 
 AMOUNT 
 (0 
 QUANTITY 
 ACCEPTED 
 (9) 
 1219NYS 18025 
 Epstein case 
 Video and Audio service Materials include approximately 22 
 VHS tapes and approximately 49 CasSctle tapes. each of 
 which needs to be convened, labeled, and indexed. and will 
 need two copies of each resulting in digital file 
 POC: 
 legalaudiovideoligmailcom 
 See Continuation Sheet(s) 
 SEE BILIJAIG 
 INSTRUCTIONS 
 ON 
 REVERSE 
 I& SHIPPING POET 10. GROSS SHIPPING WEIGHT 20. INVOICE NO. 
 512,262.50 17(h) TOT. 
 Patrol) 
 21. MAIL INVOICE TO:
 (Cosa 
 a. NAmE 
 U.S. Attorneys Office Southern District of New York 
 b. STREET ADDRESS (or P.O. Box) 
 86 Chambers Street 
 S
 12,26150
 170) 
 GRANO 
 TOTAL 
 c. CITY 
 New York 
 d. STATE 
 NY 
 e. ZIP CODE 
 10007 
 22. UNITED STA F Al RI A Y ' 23. NAME (Typed) 
 TITLE: CONTRACTINGJORDERING OFFICER 
 AUTHORIZED FOR LOCAL REPRODUCTION 
 PREVIOUS EDITION NOT USABLE 
 OPTIONAL FORM 347 (REV. 2/2012) 
 Presaged by GSA/FAR 48 CFR 5321341) 
 EFTA00032884
15JAS419P00000377 Page 2 of 8 
 Section 2 - Commodity or Services Schedule 
 SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES 
 CONTINUATION SHEET 
 ITEM NO. SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 
 0001 Video and Audio services for Epstein case 
 Line Period of Performance: 08/22/2019 - 11/21/2019 
 12.262 500000 JB S1.0000 $12.262.50 
 TOTAL $12.262.50 
 FUNDING DETAILS: 
 ITEM 
 NO. 
 FUNDING LINE OBLIGATED AMOUNT ACCOUNTING CODES 
 NA $12.262.50 USA-2019.0322ADIR-JC2-NYS.USA-DIR-25105-2529.2019 
 TOTAL: $12,262.50 
 EFTA00032885
15JA5419P00000377 Page 3 of 8 
 Section 3 - Contract Clauses 
 Clauses By Full Text 
 52.213.4 Terms and Conditions—Simplified Acquisitions (Other Than Commercial Items) (Jan 2019) 
 (a) The Contractor shall comply with the following Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clauses that are incorporated by reference: 
 (I) The clauses listed below implement provisions of law or Executive order: 
 (i) 52.203.19. Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) (section 743 of Division 
 E, Title VII, of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235) and its successor provisions in 
 subsequent appropriations acts (and as extended in continuing resolutions)). 
 (ii) 52.204-23, Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware. Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab and Other 
 Covered Entities (Jul 2018) (Section 1634 of Pub. L. 115-91). 
 (iii) 52.222-3. Convict Labor (Jun 2003) (E.O. 11755). 
 (iv) 52.222-21. Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (Apr 2015). 
 (v) 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (Sept 2016) (E.O. 11246). 
 (vi) 52.225-13. Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Jun 2008) (E.O.s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of 
 Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury). 
 (vii) 52.233-3, Protest After Award (Aug 1996) (31 U.S.C. 3553). 
 (viii) 52.233-4. Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) (Pub. L. 108-77. 108-78 (19 U.S.C. 3805 note)). 
 (2) Listed below are additional clauses that apply: 
 (i) 52.232-1, Payments (Apr 198-1). 
 (ii) 52.232-8, Discounts for Prompt Payment (Feb 2002). 
 (iii) 52.232-11, Extras (Apr 1984). 
 (iv) 52.232-25, Prompt Payment (Jan 2017). 
 (v) 52.232-39. Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations (Jun 2013). 
 (vi) 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Dec 2013) 
 (vii) 52.233-1, Disputes (May 2014). 
 (viii) 52.244-6, Subcontracts for Commercial Items (Jan 2019). 
 (ix) 52.253-1, Computer Generated Forms (Jan 1991). 
 (b) The Contractor shall comply with the following FAR clauses, incorporated by reference, unless the circumstances do not apply: 
 ( I ) The clauses listed below implement provisions of law or Executive order: 
 EFTA00032886
iSJAS419P000003T2 Par 4 of 8 
 (i) 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Oct 2018) (Pub. L. 109.282) (31 U.S.C. 6101 
 note) (Applies to contracts valued at $30,000 or more). 
 (ii) 52.222-19, Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan 2018) (E.O. 13126) (Applies to contracts for supplies 
 exceeding the micro-purchase threshold.) 
 (iii) 52.222-20, Contracts for Materials, Supplies, Articles, and Equipment Exceeding $15,000 (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 65) 
 (Applies to supply contracts over $15,000 in the United States, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin Islands). 
 (iv) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Oct 2015) (38 U.S.C. 4212) (applies to contracts of 5150,000 or more). 
 (v) 52.222-36, Equal Employment for Workers with Disabilities (Jul 2014) (29 U.S.C. 793) (Applies to contracts over $15,000, unless 
 the work is to be performed outside the United States by employees recruited outside the United States.) (For purposes of this clause, 
 "United States" includes the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, Guam, 
 the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Wake Island.) 
 (vi) 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (Feb 2016) (38 U.S.C. 4212) (Applies to contracts of S150,000 or more). 
 (vii) 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67) (Applies to service contracts over 52,500 that 
 are subject to the Service Contract Labor Standards statute and will be performed in the United States, District of Columbia, Puerto 
 Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Johnston Island, Wake Island, or the outer 
 Continental Shelf). 
 (viiiXA) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Jan 2019) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O 13627) (Applies to all solicitations 
 and contracts). 
 (B) Alternate I (Mar 2015) (Applies if the Contracting Officer has filled in the following information with regard to applicable 
 directives or notices: Document title(s), source for obtaining document(s), and contract performance location outside the United States 
 to which the doctunent applies). 
 (ix) 52.222-55, Minimum Wages Under Executive Order 13658 (Dec 2015) (Applies when 52.222-6 or 52.222-41 are in the contract 
 and performance in whole or in part is in the United States (the 50 States and the District of Columbia)). 
 (x) 52.222-62, Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Jan 2017) (E.O. 13706) (Applies when 52.222-6 or 52.222-41 are in 
 the contract and performance in whole or in part is in the United States (the 50 States and the District of Columbia.)) 
 (xi) 52.223-5, Pollution Prevention and Right-to-Know Information (May 2011) (E.O. 13423) (Applies to services performed on 
 Federal facilities). 
 (xii) 52.223-11, Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons (Jun 2016) (E.O. 13693) 
 (applies to contracts for products as prescribed at FAR 23.804(a)(1)). 
 (xiii) 52.223-12, Maintenance, Service, Repair, or Disposal of Refrigeration Equipment and Air Conditioners (Jun 2016) (ED. 13693) 
 (Applies to maintenance, service, repair, or disposal of refrigeration equipment and air conditioners). 
 (xiv) 52.223-15, Energy Efficiency in Energy-Consuming Products (Dec 2007) (42 U.S.C. 8259b) (Unless exempt pursuant to 23.204, 
 applies to contracts when energy-consuming products listed in the ENERGY STAR® Program or Federal Energy Management 
 Program (FEMP)) will be—
 (A) Delivered; 
 (B) Acquired by the Contractor for use in performing services at a Federally-controlled facility; 
 (C) Furnished by the Contractor for use by the Government; or 
 (D) Specified in the design of a building or work, or incorporated during its construction, renovation, or maintenance). 
 (xv) 52.223-20, Aerosols (Jun 2016) (E.O. 13693) (Applies to contracts for products that may contain high global warming potential 
 hydrofluorocarbons as a propellant or as a solvent; or contracts for maintenance or repair of electronic or mechanical devices). 
 EFTA00032887
15JA5419P00000377 Page 5 of 8 
 (xvi) 52.223-21, Foams (Jun 2016) (E.O. 13693) (Applies to contracts for products that may contain high global warming potential 
 hydrofluorocarbons or refrigerant blends containing hydrofluorocarbons as a foam blowing agent; or contracts for construction of 
 buildings or facilities. 
 (xvii) 52.225-1, Buy American—Supplies (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67) (Applies to contracts for supplies, and to contracts for 
 services involving the furnishing of supplies, for use in the United States or its outlying areas, if the value of the supply contact or 
 supply portion of a service contract exceeds the micro-purchase threshold and the acquisition—
 (A) Is set aside for small business concerns; or 
 (B) Cannot be set aside for small business concerns (see 19.502-2), and does not exceed $25,000). 
 (xviii) 52.226-6, Promoting Excess Food Donation to Nonprofit Organizations (May 2014) (42 U.S.C. 1792) (Applies to contracts 
 greater than $25,000 that provide for the provision, the service, or the sale of food in the United States). 
 (xix) 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management (Oct 2018) (Applies when the payment will 
 be made by electronic funds transfer (EFT) and the payment office uses the System for Award Management (SAM) as its source of 
 EFT information). 
 (xx) 52.232.34, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—Other than System for Award Management (Jul 2013) (Applies when the 
 payment will be made by EFT and the payment office does not use the SAM database as its source of EFT information). 
 (xxi) 52.247-64, Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (Feb 2006) (46 U.S.C. App. 1241) (Applies to 
 supplies transported by ocean vessels (except for the types of subcontracts listed at 47.504(d)). 
 (2) Listed below are additional clauses that may apply: 
 (i) 52.204-21, Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems (Jun 2016) (Applies to contracts when the contractor or 
 a subcontractor at any tier may have Federal contract information residing in or transiting through its information system. 
 (ii) 52.209-6, Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debated, Suspended, or Proposed for 
 Debarment (Oct 2015) (Applies to contracts over $35,000). 
 (iii) 52.211-17, Delivery of Excess Quantities (Sept 1989) (Applies to fixed-price supplies). 
 (iv) 52.247-29, F.o.b. Origin (Feb 2006) (Applies to supplies if delivery is f.o.b. origin). 
 (v) 52.247-34, F.o.b. Destination (Nov 1991) (Applies to supplies if delivery is f.o.b. destination). 
 (c) FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998). This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with 
 the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. 
 Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): 
 http://ftersite.hIll.atmil/ 
 (d) Inspection/Acceptance. The Contractor shall tender for acceptance only those items that conform to the requirements of this 
 contract. The Government reserves the right to inspect or test any supplies or services that have been tendered for acceptance. The 
 Government may require repair or replacement of nonconforming supplies or reperformance of nonconforming services at no increase 
 in contract price. The Government must exercise its postacceptance rights—
 (I) Within a reasonable period of time after the defect was discovered or should have been discovered; and 
 (2) Before any substantial change occurs in the condition of the item, unless the change is due to the defect in the item. 
 (e) Excusable delays. The Contractor shall be liable for default unless nonperformance is caused by an occurrence beyond the 
 reasonable control of the Contractor and without its fault or negligence, such as acts of God or the public enemy, acts of the 
 Government in either its sovereign or contractual capacity, fires, floods, epidemics, quarantine restrictions, strikes, unusually severe 
 weather, and delays of common carriers. The Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer in writing as soon as it is reasonably 
 possible after the commencement of any excusable delay, setting forth the full particulars in connection therewith, shall remedy such 
 EFTA00032888
15JA5419P00000377 Page 6 of 8 
 occurrence with all reasonable dispatch, and shall promptly give written notice to the Contracting Officer of the cessation of such 
 occurrence. 
 (0 Termination for the Government's convenience. The Government reserves the right to terminate this contract, or any part hereof, 
 for its sole convenience. In the event of such termination, the Contractor shall immediately stop all work hereunder and shall 
 immediately cause any and all of its suppliers and subcontractors to cease work. Subject to the terms of this contract, the Contractor 
 shall be paid a percentage of the contract price reflecting the percentage of the work performed prior to the notice of termination, 
 plus reasonable charges that the Contractor can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Government, using its standard record keeping 
 system, have resulted from the termination. The Contractor shall not be required to comply with the cost accounting standards or 
 contract cost principles for this purpose. This paragraph does not give the Government any right to audit the Contractor's records. The 
 Contractor shall not be paid for any work performed or costs incurred that reasonably could have been avoided. 
 (g) Termination for cause. The Government may terminate this contract, or any part hereof, for cause in the event of any default by 
 the Contractor, or if the Contractor fails to comply with any contract terms and conditions, or fails to provide the Government, upon 
 request, with adequate assurances of future performance. In the event of termination for cause, the Government shall not be liable to 
 the Contractor for any amount for supplies or services not accepted, and the Contractor shall be liable to the Government for any and 
 all rights and remedies provided by law. If it is determined that the Government improperly terminated this contract for default, such 
 termination shall be deemed a termination for convenience. 
 (h) Warranty. The Contractor warrants and implies that the items delivered hereunder are merchantable and fit for use for the 
 particular purpose described in this contract. 
 52.213-2 Invoices (Apr 1984) 
 The Contractor's invoices must be submitted before payment can be made. The Contractor will be paid on the basis of the invoice, 
 which must state-
 (a) The starting and ending dates of the subscription delivery; and 
 (b) Either that orders have been placed in effect for the addressees required, or that the orders will be placed in effect upon receipt of 
 payment. 
 (End of clause) 
 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (Oct 2018) 
 (a) Method of payment. 
 ( 1) All payments by the Government under this contract shall be made by electronic funds transfer (EFT), except as provided in 
 paragraph (a)(2) of this clause. As used in this clause, the term "EFT" refers to the funds transfer and may also include the payment 
 information transfer. 
 (2) In the event the Government is unable to release one or more payments by EFT, the Contractor agrees to either—
 (i) payment by check or some other mutually agreeable method of payment; or 
 (ii) Request the Government to extend the payment due date until such time as the Government can make payment by EFT (but see 
 paragraph (d) of this clause). 
 (b) Contractor's EFT information. The Government shall make payment to the Contractor using the EFT information contained in 
 the System for Award Management (SAM). In the event that the EFT information changes, the Contractor shall be responsible for 
 providing the updated information to the SAM. 
 (c) Mechanisms for EFT payment. The Government may make payment by EFT through either the Automated Clearing House (AC!!) 
 network, subject to the rules of the National Automated Clearing House Association, or the Fedwire Transfer System. The rules 
 governing Federal payments through the ACII are contained in 31 CFR Part 210. 
 (d) Suspension of payment. If the Contractor's EFT information in the SAM is incorrect, then the Government need not make payment 
 to the Contractor under this contract until correct EFT information is entered into the SAM; and any invoice or contract financing 
 EFTA00032889
15JA5419P000003T/ Page 7 of 8 
 request shall be deemed not to be a proper invoice for the purpose of prompt payment under this contract. The prompt payment terms 
 of the contract regarding notice of an improper invoice and delays in accrual of interest penalties apply. 
 (e) Liability for uncompleted or erroneous transfers. 
 (I) If an uncompleted or erroneous transfer occurs because the Government used the Contractor's EFT information incorrectly, the 
 Government remains responsible for—. 
 (i) Making a correct payment; 
 (ii) Paying any prompt payment penalty due; and 
 (iii) Recovering any erroneously directed funds. 
 (2) If an uncompleted or erroneous transfer occurs because the Contractor's EFT information was incorrect, or was revised within 30 
 days of Government release of the EFT payment transaction instruction to the Federal Reserve System, and--
 (i) If the funds are no longer under the control of the payment office, the Government is deemed to have made payment and the 
 Contractor is responsible for recovery of any erroneously directed funds; or 
 (ii) If the funds remain under the control of the payment office, the Government shall not make payment, and the provisions of 
 paragraph (d) of this clause shall apply. 
 (0 EFT and prompt payment. A payment shall be deemed to have been made in a timely manner in accordance with the prompt 
 payment terms of this contract if, in the EFT payment transaction instruction released to the Federal Reserve System, the date 
 specified for settlement of the payment is on or before the prompt payment due date, provided the specified payment date is a valid 
 date under the rules of the Federal Reserve System. 
 (g) EFT and assignment of claims. If the Contractor assigns the proceeds of this contract as provided for in the assignment of claims 
 terms of this contract, the Contractor shall require as a condition of any such assignment, that the assignee shall register separately in 
 the SAM and shall be paid by EFT in accordance with the terms of this clause. Notwithstanding any other requirement of this contract, 
 payment to an ultimate recipient other than the Contractor, or a financial institution properly recognized under an assignment of claims 
 pursuant to Subpart 32.8, is not permitted. In all respects, the requirements of this clause shall apply to the assignee as if it were the 
 Contractor. EFT information that shows the ultimate recipient of the transfer to be other than the Contractor, in the absence of a proper 
 assignment of claims acceptable to the Government, is incorrect EFT information within the meaning of paragraph (d) of this clause. 
 (h) Liability for change of EFT information by financial agent. The Government is not liable for errors resulting from changes to EFT 
 information made by the Contractor's financial agent. 
 (i) Payment information. The payment or disbursing office shall forward to the Contractor available payment information that is 
 suitable for transmission as of the date of release of the EFT instruction to the Federal Reserve System. The Government may request 
 the Contractor to designate a desired format and method(s) for delivery of payment information from a list of formats and methods the 
 payment office is capable of executing. However, the Government does not guarantee that any particular format or method of delivery 
 is available at any particular payment office and retains the latitude to use the format and delivery method most convenient to the 
 Government. If the Government makes payment by check in accordance with paragraph (a) of this clause, the Government shall mail 
 the payment information to the remittance address contained in the SAM. 
 (End of clause) 
 EFTA00032890
From: 
 To:'
 Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon 
 Date: Mon, 30 Nov 2020 20:07:16 +0000 
 ok 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:07 PM
 To: ); 
 Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon 
 Sure. I'll call and conference you in. 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:06 PM 
 To: 
 Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon 
 Can we get on a call now? 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 2:13 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon 
 FYI. 
 From: 
 Sent: Monday,November 30, 2020 1:49 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon 
 Thanks, let's just hope it's as off base as it sounds. The reporter is Tom Winter, who correctly reported (even 
 though it was much easier to predict) the Flynn pardon before it happened. 
 )< 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Nov 30, 2020, at 1:45 PM, 
 That's correct. 
 From: 
 Sent: Monde , November 30, 2020 1:45 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon 
 Just FYI. I forget how this went with Di Souza, but there wouldn't necessarily need to be any communication 
 with us before pardoning one of our defendants, correct? 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 From: " 
 Date: November 30, 2020 at 1:21:36 PM EST 
 > wrote: 
 EFTA00032009
15JA5419P00000377 Page 8 of 8 
 Section 4 - List of Attachments 
 This Section Is Intentionally Left Blank 
 EFTA00032891
From: ' 
 To: ' (USANYS)"  
 Cc: ' " , ' " 
 (USANYS)" 
 Subject: RE: Epstein Victim Travel 
 Date: Thu, 22 Aug 2019 16:23:42 +0000 
 Thank you very much. 
 From: (USANYS) 
 Sent: Thursday, August 22, 2019 12:23 PM 
 To: 
 Cc: 
 (USANYS) c> 
 Subject: RE: Epstein Victim Travel 
 lce 
 Yes. 
 From: 
 Sent: Thursday, August 22, 2019 11:56 AM 
 To: (USANYS) la> 
 Cc: 
 (LISANYS)< > 
 Subject: Epstein Victim Travel 
 >; 
 >; 
 Judge Berman has scheduled a final conference in the Epstein case at which he will allow victims to be heard before 
 dismissing the case. A number of victims would like to attend, but they are unable to afford travel costs. May we have 
 approval for to pay for flights and hotels for victims who wish to attend the conference but otherwise cannot 
 afford the cost? 
 EFTA00032892
From: Securities Law360 <newsglaw360.com> 
 To: 
 Subject: Coronavirus: Your Afternoon Briefing 
 Date: Tue, 05 May 2020 18:17:59 +0000 
 t i.aw360 Special 
 Report 
 Coronavirus Special Newsletter 
 Tuesday, May 5, 2020 Follow Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 What GCs Want From Outside Counsel As Virus Rages On 
 Some general counsel and law firms are working together to share the burden 
 of the COVID-19 outbreak, agreeing on discounts, alternative fee 
 arrangements or extensions on legal bills to help weather the financial storm. 
 Legal Work Has Plummeted And Lawyers Are Stressed 
 The number of new legal matters has fallen significantly during the first four 
 months of 2020 compared to the previous year as the world reels from the 
 coronavirus pandemic, and many lawyers are now anxious about the success 
 of their practices, research released Monday shows. 
 Coronavirus: How Law Firms Are Handling The Downturn 
 UPDATED May 5, 2020, 1:25 PM EDT I The spreading coronavirus pandemic 
 has upended the legal industry, forcing firms to cut salaries, lay off attorneys 
 and make changes to summer associate programs. Here is a roundup of how 
 law firms are responding. 
 Nixon Peabody Cancels Summer Program Without Job Pledge 
 Nixon Peabody LLP confirmed Monday that it has canceled its 2020 summer 
 associate program, and was the first firm to do so without also promising to 
 extend job offers to the second-year law students affected. 
 Pillsbury Cuts Pay For Attys, Staff In Face Of Pandemic 
 Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP has joined the ranks of law firms rolling 
 out cost-saving measures during the COVID-19 pandemic, confirming 
 Monday that it has made pay cuts in its U.S. offices to help shoulder the 
 economic effects of the crisis. 
 Liberals Tell Senate GOP To Focus On Pandemic, Not Judges 
 As the full Senate convened in Washington for the first time since March, left-
 leaning civil rights groups on Monday urged Republicans to stop processing 
 President Donald Trump's judicial nominees, starting with a confirmation 
 hearing set for Wednesday. 
 CLOSINGS AND RESTRICTIONS 
 Coronavirus: The Latest Court Closures And Restrictions 
 UPDATED May 5, 2020, 1:55 PM EDT I As courts across the country take 
 measures to prevent the spread of the coronavirus, some are restricting 
 access and altering their procedures. Here is a roundup of changes. 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Akerman LLP 
 Allen & Overy 
 Arent Fox 
 Arnold & Porter 
 Baker Botts 
 Baker Donelson 
 Baker McKenzie 
 Ballard Spahr 
 Barack Ferrazzano 
 Belkin Burden 
 Benesch Friedlander 
 Blank Rome 
 Brown Rudnick 
 Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner 
 Buchanan Ingersoll 
 Cadwalader Wickersham 
 Cahill Gordon 
 Cleary Gottlieb 
 Clifford Chance 
 Cooley 
 Covington & Burling 
 Cozen O'Connor 
 Cravath Swaine 
 Crowell & Moring 
 DAC Beachcroft 
 DLA Piper 
 Davis & Gilbert LLP 
 Davis Wright Tremaine 
 Debevoise & Plimpton 
 Dechert 
 Dentons 
 Dickinson Wright 
 Dinsmore & Shohl 
 Dorsey & Whitney 
 Duane Morris 
 EFTA00032893
Coronavirus: The Latest EU Court Closures And Restrictions 
 UPDATED May 5, 2020, 11:40AM GMT I As courts across the region take 
 measures to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus, some are restricting 
 access and altering their procedures. Here is a roundup of changes. 
 UK Judiciary Mulls Radical Measures To Resume Jury Trials 
 England's judiciary is under pressure to resume jury trials amid a mounting 
 backlog of criminal cases that risks swamping the criminal justice system, but 
 lawyers are at odds over how far the courts should go to get juries seated 
 again. 
 Fla. Extends Jury Trial Suspension Until July 
 Florida Supreme Court Chief Justice Charles Canady on Monday extended 
 the suspension of jury trials in Florida state courts until July 2 and expanded 
 the list of court proceedings that will be held remotely during the coronavirus 
 pandemic. 
 WHAT IT MEANS FOR ATTORNEYS 
 USPTO Unveils Virus Patent Platform, EPO Extends Deadlines 
 The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office launched a new online marketplace 
 Monday for patents related to COVID-19, while its European counterpart said 
 it is extending certain deadlines until next month due to the pandemic. 
 Texas Justices Won't Review Coronavirus Shutdown Orders 
 The Texas Supreme Court on Tuesday declined to review a challenge brought 
 by 11 businesses fighting what they called -unsupportable" edicts and 
 executive orders that city and county officials made to limit businesses during 
 the coronavirus pandemic, finding the issue should be addressed at the trial 
 court level first. 
 FDA Slaps Tighter Controls On COVID-19 Antibody Tests 
 The U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced Monday that commercial 
 manufacturers of antibody tests for COVID-19 will now be required to submit 
 emergency use authorization requests, a change from a March policy that had 
 more lax oversight for the tests. 
 Wages, COVID-19 Tests Pose Hurdles As Employers Reopen 
 As states begin to allow businesses to unlock their doors, experts say that 
 complying with wage-and-hour laws and administering COVID-19 tests on 
 workers are two areas in which employers rushing to put the pandemic behind 
 them are likely to stumble out of the gate. 
 J.Crew Just First In Expected Flood Of Retail Bankruptcies 
 Clothing retailer J.Crew has become the first large retailer to succumb to the 
 challenges thrust upon the industry as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, but 
 bankruptcy and industry professionals say it won't be the last, as mounting 
 lease obligations may soon outstrip the patience of landlords. 
 JCPenney Stalls Sephora Split Over COVID-19 Furloughs 
 JCPenney is asking a Texas federal court to stop Sephora from pulling out of 
 a long-term agreement to operate mini-stores in hundreds of JCPenney 
 locations after the retailers butted heads about employee furloughs and how 
 to reopen amid the coronavirus pandemic. 
 COVID-19 Closures Send Gold's Gym Into Ch. 11 
 Fitness chain Gold's Gym International filed for Chapter 11 protection in a 
 Texas bankruptcy court Monday, saying COVID-19 closures had spurred the 
 company into implementing a prenegotiated restructuring plan. 
 Dykema Gossett 
 Eckert Seamans 
 Edelson PC 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 Eversheds Sutherland 
 Faegre Drinker 
 Fisher Phillips 
 Foley & Lardner 
 Fox Rothschild 
 Fragomen Del Rey 
 Fried Frank 
 Fross Zelnick 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Goldberg Segalla 
 Goodwin 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Greenspoon Marder 
 Hinshaw & Culbertson 
 Hodgson Russ 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Hueston Hennigan 
 Husch Blackwell 
 Irell & Manella 
 Jackson Lewis 
 Jenner & Block 
 K&L Gates 
 Katten 
 Kelley Drye 
 Kilpatrick Townsend 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Levenfeld Pearlstein 
 Linklaters 
 Littler Mendelson 
 Locke Lord 
 Loeb & Loeb 
 Lowenstein Sandler 
 Manatt Phelps 
 Marshall Dennehey 
 Mayer Brown 
 McDermott Will 
 McKool Smith 
 Mintz Levin 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Morrison & Foerster 
 Munger Tulles 
 Nelson Mullins 
 Nixon Peabody 
 Norton Rose 
 Ogletree Deakins 
 EFTA00032894
Coping With A Pandemic: Purple Campaign's Ally Coll 
 As society continues to adapt to COVID-19, Law360 is sharing reactions from 
 around the business and legal community. Today's perspective comes from 
 Washington, D.C.-based Ally Coll, president and co-founder of The Purple 
 Campaign. 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 Early Pandemic-Related Shifts We're Seeing In Legal Finance 
 As law firms chart their paths forward during these unsettled times, litigation 
 funders are already observing changes in the types of products firms are 
 seeking, such as an increase in one-off case funding requests, says Eric 
 Blinderman at Therium. 
 COVID-19 Gives Congress Greater Incentive To Pass SAFE Act 
 The SAFE Banking Act provides a cost-free way for Congress to buoy the 
 legal cannabis industry by loosening some of the financial impediments the 
 product's federal status imposes on state-legal businesses, say attorneys at 
 Benesch. 
 Orrick 
 Paul Hastings 
 Paul Weiss 
 Pepper Hamilton 
 Phillips Nizer 
 Pillsbury Winthrop 
 Pryor Cashman 
 Quarles & Brady 
 Reed Smith 
 Rivkin Radler 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Saul Ewing 
 Schiff Hardin 
 Schulte Roth 
 Seyfarth Shaw 
 Shearman & Sterling 
 Sheppard Mullin 
 Shook Hardy 
 Sidley Austin 
 Skadden 
 Slaughter and May 
 Spain Spain 
 Squire Patton Boggs 
 Taft Stettinius 
 Troutman Sanders 
 Tucker Ellis 
 Venable LLP 
 Vinson & Elkins 
 Williams & Connolly 
 Wilson Sonsini 
 Winston & Strawn 
 Womble Bond Dickinson 
 COMPANIES 
 Amazon.com Inc. 
 American Bar Association 
 Cedar Realty Trust Inc. 
 GoFundMe Inc. 
 Gold's Gym International Inc. 
 Integrity Staffing Solutions 
 J.C. Penney Co. Inc. 
 J.Crew Group Inc. 
 NASDAQ Inc. 
 National Association for the 
 Advancement of Colored People 
 Neiman Marcus Group 
 Perspecta Inc. 
 SBM Offshore NV 
 Sephora SA 
 The Bank of New York Mellon 
 Corp. 
 EFTA00032895
Themis Solutions Inc. 
 Therium Capital Management Ltd. 
 Twitter Inc. 
 WebMD LLC 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Centers for Disease Control and 
 Prevention 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 Commission 
 European Union 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. 
 Florida Supreme Court 
 Food and Drug Administration 
 Georgia Supreme Court 
 Nuclear Regulatory Commission 
 Serious Fraud Office 
 Small Business Administration 
 Texas Supreme Court 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
 Federal Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth 
 Circuit 
 U.S. Department of Labor 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of Texas 
 U.S. House of Representatives 
 U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 
 U.S. Senate 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive futon: emails of this son. 
 you may =subscribe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call *I-646-7834 '00 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Iaw360I Portfolio Media. Inc. Ill Wcsi 19th Street. 5th Floor. New York. NY 10011 
 EFTA00032896
From: (USANYS)" 
 alMIE> 
 To:'
 Subject: Re: Law360 
 Date: Thu, 11 Feb 2021 15:19:31 +0000 
 Absolutely, you bet. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 On Feb 11, 2021, at 9:56 AM, IMIIM> wrote: 
 Thanks, Do you mind letting me know if you get more inquiries on this, including from other outlets? 
 (Bloomberg has been contacting me, and I've been ignoring.) 
 On Feb 11, 2021, at 8:34 AM, 
 I meant I *won't share further! 
 Excited for you, and good luck!! 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 (USANYS) <IMIIIMc> wrote: 
 On Feb 11, 2021, at 8:32 Am,wrote: 
 Thanks, . I appreciate it. 
 On Feb 11, 2021, at 8:28 AM, (USANYS) alMIE> wrote: 
 I obviously include this in clips or share further. 
 Just thought you'd want to see this if you already hadn't. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 Begin forwarded message: 
 D 
 C 
 Subject: Law360 
 EFTA00032897
3 Names To Watch As Biden Mulls Next SDNY Top 
 Prosecutor 
 By Pete Brush 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 Share us on: 
 Law360, New York (February 10, 2021, 5:41 
 PM EST) -- President Joe Biden is ramping 
 up the process of choosing new top federal 
 prosecutors across the country, and while he 
 may not rush to replace Manhattan U.S. 
 Attorney Audrey Strauss, lawyers have their 
 eye on a handful of her potential successors. 
 The application process to helm the U.S. 
 Attorneys Office for the Southern District of 
 New York, a process that court-watchers say 
 is active and includes a large pool of 
 candidates, comes as the Biden 
 administration begins the work of replacing 
 U.S. attorneys appointed by former President 
 Donald Trump, who have all been asked to 
 step down. 
 But the president may not hurry to replace 
 Strauss, who in December was formally 
 appointed as U.S. attorney by federal judges 
 amid the chaos of the outgoing Trump 
 administration. 
 Strauss, who of late has brought high-profile 
 cases including sex-abuse charges against 
 Jeffrey Epstein associate Ghislaine 
 Maxwelland ex-fashion executive Peter 
 Nygard, is well-regarded, and her presence 
 leaves the White House the luxury of taking 
 its time on SDNY if it wishes to prioritize 
 EFTA00032898
dozens of other districts across the country. 
 "She has a stellar reputation inside and 
 outside the office," Pace Law School 
 professor Bennett L. Gershman said of 
 Strauss. 
 Nevertheless the application process is 
 underway in the Southern District, sources 
 said, with Senate Majority Leader Chuck 
 Schumer, D-N.Y., holding powerful sway over 
 the process. Asked to handicap top possible 
 successors, lawyers named three people: 
 Damian Williams 
 Damian Williams is a veteran SDNY 
 prosecutor who heads the district's Securities 
 and Commodities Fraud Task Force. He 
 prosecuted former politicians Sheldon Silver 
 and Chris Collins in recent years, and is 
 widely regarded as a steadying presence 
 inside the halls at 1 St. Andrew's Plaza. 
 Williams, who would be the first Black person 
 to head the office, is a former law clerk for 
 D.C. Circuit Judge Merrick B. Garland, 
 Biden's nominee for attorney general who is 
 slated for a Feb. 22 confirmation hearing in 
 the Senate. 
 The Garland clerk chain, dozens strong, 
 could be fertile ground for possible picks, 
 lawyers said, on the theory that a pre-existing 
 relationship with the man who likely will lead 
 Biden's Department of Justice could be 
 valuable. 
 EFTA00032899
Katherine Goldstein 
 A white collar partner at Akin Gump Strauss 
 Hauer & Feld LLP, Katherine Goldstein is a 
 former SDNY Securities and Commodities 
 Fraud Task Force chief with a sharp legal 
 mindwho has worked on modernizing and 
 improving insider trading enforcement. She 
 has handled a number of high-profile white 
 collar fraud cases. 
 After Strauss and Mary Jo White, who held 
 the post from 1993 until 2002, Goldstein 
 would be the third woman to take the job in its 
 more -than 200 year history, if confirmed. 
 Anjan Sahni 
 Like Williams and Goldstein, Anjan Sahni, a 
 WilmerHale white collar partner, is a former 
 SDNY Securities and Commodities Fraud 
 Task Force chief. 
 Sahni, who is of South Asian descent, also is 
 noted for his work on a defense team 
 that won acquittal for Citigroup trader Rohan 
 Ramchandani in a closely-watched forex-
 rigging criminal trial. 
 Williams, Goldstein and Sahni are all said to 
 be friendly with, and have professional ties to, 
 former Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet 
 Bharara, who was fired by the Trump 
 administration in 2017. Sources said Bharara 
 has a direct line to Schumer as the 
 application process unfolds. 
 --Editing by Jill Coffey. 
 EFTA00032900
Cc: ' 
 Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon 
 Normally I wouldn't send something like this because it seems so unlikely, but just FYI — a reporter who's 
 been reliable in the past is hearing "serious rumblings" from the WH about a pardon. 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 EFTA00032010
From: Securities Law360 <newsgi3law360.com> 
 To: 
 Subject: Citing COVID-19, SEC Eases More Filing Requirements 
 Date: Mon, 30 Mar 2020 07:19:42 +0000 
 t law360 
 Securities 
 SECURITIES 
 Monday, March 30, 2020 Follow Securities Law360 
 TOP NEWS 
 Citing COVID-19, SEC Eases More Filing Requirements 
 The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has further extended its 
 guidance and relief to companies grappling with the fallout from the spread of 
 the novel coronavirus, temporarily easing certain compliance requirements 
 for corporations, municipal advisers and crowdfunded groups. 
 Read full article » 
 YRC Slips Investor Suit Alleging It Overcharged DOD 
 YRC Worldwide escaped a proposed securities class action Friday after a 
 New York federal judge found that the freight shipping company had no duty 
 to disclose the government investigation that culminated in a civil suit over its 
 allegedly fraudulent overbilling. 
 Order attached I Read full article 
 Intercept Beats Investor Suit Over Liver Disease Drug Deaths 
 Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc. on Thursday exited a proposed securities 
 class action accusing it of covering up reports of fatalities and injuries caused 
 by a liver disease drug, after a New York federal judge found the 
 shareholders failed to prove the existence of those reports was "material." 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 NY Justices Take Up JP Morgan's $140M Coverage Battle 
 New York's highest court on Thursday agreed to review a lower court's ruling 
 that J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. is not entitled to insurance coverage for a 
 $140 million chunk of a settlement that Bear Stearns paid to the U.S. 
 Securities and Exchange Commission because that sum is an uninsurable 
 penalty. 
 Order List attached I Read full article » 
 Coronavirus Litigation: The Week In Review 
 Multiple public officials have been hit with lawsuits over their actions 
 surrounding the C0VID-19 pandemic, vendors are facing allegations of price-
 gouging, and a proposed class has accused China of hiding the dangers of 
 the coronavirus outbreak and costing U.S. small businesses billions of 
 dollars. 
 Read full article » 
 POLICY & REGULATION 
 Bank Regulators Unveil 2-Year Delay For CECL Adopters 
 V,Law360 Practice Groups of the 
 Year 
 New Cases 
 Securities (6) 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Abrams & Bayliss 
 Adams & Reese 
 Andrews & Springer 
 Arias Sanguinetti 
 Austin LLP 
 Barnes & Thornburg 
 Beatty & Wozniak 
 Boies Schiller 
 Bond Schoeneck 
 Clyde & Co 
 Covington & Burling 
 Debevoise & Plimpton 
 Dickinson Wright 
 Dorsey & Whitney 
 Duane Morris 
 Epstein Becker Green 
 Faruqi & Faruqi 
 Fish & Richardson 
 Fried Frank 
 EFTA00032901
Federal regulators said Friday that big banks can wait longer before phasing 
 in the regulatory capital effects of a new loan loss accounting standard and 
 can choose to switch over early to an updated methodology for calculating 
 certain capital requirements, moves intended to buoy bank lending during the 
 COVID-19 pandemic. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 CIVIL ENFORCEMENT 
 SEC Wins $417K In Fraud Suit Over Fracking Investments 
 The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission won final judgment and more 
 than $417,000 in disgorgement and fines in Georgia federal court Friday in its 
 suit alleging a Kentucky roofer bilked fracking investors out of $15 million in a 
 securities fraud scheme. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 SEC Fines Texas Man $10K For Talking Up Penniless Funds 
 The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filed and settled a civil 
 complaint Thursday against a Texas man for allegedly lying to potential 
 investors about two investment funds that never actually raised or invested 
 any money. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 WHITE COLLAR 
 Ex-BigLaw Atty Can't Use Pandemic To Skirt Jail, Feds Say 
 Federal prosecutors said Friday that a former Locke Lord LLP attorney 
 convicted of assisting a $400 million cryptocurrency scam can't use the 
 COVID-19 crisis or any other excuse to be let out of jail before his 
 sentencing. 
 Letter attached I Read full article » 
 DELAWARE 
 Murex Co-Founder, Ex-Wife See Most Record Demands Denied 
 A co-founder of oil and gas venture Murex Petroleum and his ex-wife lost 
 most of their bid for company records on Friday, after a Delaware vice 
 chancellor found many of their separate demands ineligible, improper or 
 sufficiently answered. 
 Read full article » 
 Brookfield Seeks Chancery Stay Or Toss Of Terraform Claims 
 Brookfield Asset Management asked Delaware's Chancery Court Thursday to 
 stay a derivative suit and dismiss accompanying direct claims challenging a 
 $650 million private placement that boosted Brookfield's control of Terraform 
 Power in 2018, saying a pending buy-up of remaining Terraform shares 
 should soon end the class' derivative standing. 
 Read full article » 
 INVESTOR ACTIONS 
 User Says Robinhood Is Trying To 'Wipe Out' Class Claims 
 A Robinhood customer moved for a temporary restraining order in one of 
 several class actions filed against the online trading app after users 
 experienced significant issues with account access across two trading days, 
 saying the company has sought to 'wipe out" the class' claims with a $75 
 credit contingent on signing a release. 
 2 documents attached I Read full article » 
 Friedman Oster 
 Gallagher & Associates Law Firm 
 Gallo Vitucci 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Glancy Prongay 
 Goodwin 
 Grabar Law 
 Harrity & Harrity 
 Hill Ward Henderson 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Husch Blackwell 
 Jenner & Block 
 Jones Day 
 K&L Gates 
 Kaplan Fox 
 Kaufman Borgeest 
 Kelley Kronenberg 
 King & Spalding 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Klausner Kaufman 
 Labaton Sucharow 
 Landman Corsi 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Locke Lord 
 Lowey Dannenberg 
 Mayer Brown 
 Miller Canfield 
 Miller Friel 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Morris James 
 Norton Rose 
 Pomerantz LLP 
 Proskauer Rose 
 Reed Smith 
 Richards Layton 
 Robbins Geller 
 Robins Kaplan 
 Rosen Law Firm PA 
 Saenz & Anderson 
 Sedgwick LLP 
 Selendy & Gay 
 Sidley Austin 
 Skadden 
 Tarter Krinsky 
 Wachtell Lipton 
 Weil Gotshal 
 Weitz & Luxenberg 
 Wilson Sonsini 
 Zimmerman Reed 
 COMPANIES 
 EFTA00032902
Window Co. Investors' Suit Dismissed For Lacking Clarity 
 Glass and window manufacturer Apogee Enterprises Inc. has escaped a 
 proposed securities class action after a Minnesota federal court judge found 
 that the facts pled in the suit show that Apogee and its executives shared 
 adverse information as they discovered them, rather than hiding them, and 
 that the suit lacked specifics. 
 Order attached I Read full article » 
 Sterling Bank Hid Risk, Tanking Stock, Investors Say 
 A group of peeved investors hit Sterling Bancorp Inc. with a proposed class 
 action in Michigan federal court Friday, claiming its Michigan-based 
 subsidiary Sterling Bank and Trust FSB misled investors and ignited a stock 
 drop that resulted in massive damages to their holdings. 
 Complaint attached I Read full article » 
 EXPERT ANALYSIS 
 COVID-19 Crisis Exposes Libor Replacement's Weaknesses 
 Fundamental differences in the way Libor and its pending replacement, the 
 Secured Overnight Financing Rate, have tracked financial risk amid the 
 COVID-19 crisis suggest the transition between the two benchmarks will be 
 challenging, says Jeffrey Armstrong at the Berkeley Research Group. 
 Read full article » 
 Delaware Dole Ruling Will Guide Allocation In D&O Policies 
 In a dispute between Dole Food and certain excess insurers of a directors 
 and officers insurance policy, the Delaware Supreme Court recently 
 interpreted an explicit allocation provision and articulated a rule that will 
 instruct both insurers and insureds, say Brian Scarbrough and Huiyi Chen at 
 Jenner & Block. 
 Read full article » 
 A Guide To Zealously Representing Clients During COVID-19 
 The American Bar Association's Model Rules of Professional Conduct require 
 lawyers to be zealous advocates for clients' interests, but how do these rules 
 apply in this unprecedented time of COVID-19? Anne Lockner at Robins 
 Kaplan offers some pointers. 
 Read full article » 
 LEGAL INDUSTRY 
 Firms Plan On Summer Associates Despite Virus Uncertainty 
 Amid the disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, Boies Schiller 
 Flexner LLP, Covington & Burling LLP and Fried Frank Harris Shriver & 
 Jacobson LLP all say they plan to continue with their summer associate 
 programs, though many of the law students hired for the programs might 
 wind up working remotely. 
 Read full article » 
 How Firms In Michigan Are Handling A Statewide Lockdown 
 Michigan is one of a handful of states that have now issued statewide 
 executive orders requiring residents to stay at home amid the novel 
 coronavirus pandemic. Here, large law firms with offices in the state share 
 how they made the transition to a remote workforce and how they're coping. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 Agile But Vulnerable, Smaller Firms Fight To Weather Virus 
 Altman Weil Inc. 
 Amazon.com Inc. 
 American Bar Association 
 American International Group Inc. 
 Apogee Enterprises Inc. 
 Apple Inc. 
 Berkeley Research Group 
 Brigham Young University 
 Brookfield Asset Management Inc. 
 Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation 
 DocuSign Inc. 
 Dole Food Company Inc. 
 Frito-Lay Inc. 
 Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 Intercontinental Exchange Inc. 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 Liberty Mutual Insurance Group 
 Linkedln Corp. 
 Major Lindsey & Africa 
 McDonald's Corp. 
 NASDAQ Inc. 
 Northwestern Memorial HealthCare 
 PepsiCo Inc. 
 Planned Parenthood Federation 
 Porsche 
 Robinhood Markets Inc. 
 SIFMA 
 SolarCity Corp. 
 Spotify Technology SA 
 Sterling Bancorp 
 Sterling Bank & Trust 
 Sterling Financial Corp. 
 SunEdison LLC 
 Tesla Inc. 
 The Brattle Group Inc. 
 The Hartford Financial Services 
 Group Inc. 
 The Travelers Companies Inc. 
 Twitter Inc. 
 Visa Inc. 
 Wal-Mart Stores Inc. 
 Wyndham Hotels and Resorts Inc. 
 YRC Worldwide Inc. 
 Zeughauser Group LLC 
 GOVERNMENT AGENCIES 
 Bank of England 
 Delaware Court of Chancery 
 Federal Bureau of Prisons 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. 
 Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
 EFTA00032903
Many midsize and smaller law firms have an edge over BigLaw when it 
 comes to transitioning to remote work, but the longer-term potential impact 
 on business development is weighing heavily on them. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 The Attys And Legal Logic Behind Stay-At-Home Orders 
 The attorneys helping draft cities' and states' stay-at-home orders during the 
 coronavirus pandemic have been tiptoeing through a legal minefield, working 
 long hours to carve out the kind of work that should be considered "essential" 
 and to ensure local governments aren't overstepping their authority. 
 Read full article » 
 Q&A 
 Coping With A Pandemic: Fish & Richardson's Betsy Flanagan 
 As self-isolation and social distancing become the norm during the COVID-19 
 pandemic, Law360 is sharing reactions from people around the business and 
 legal community. Today's perspective comes from Betsy Flanagan, a Twin 
 Cities -based principal in Fish & Richardson's life sciences litigation practice. 
 Read full article » 
 3 Telework Tips For Solos And Small Firms Amid COVID-19 
 Solo practitioners and small law firms facing disruptions from the coronavirus 
 pandemic should keep these three simple tips in mind. 
 Read full article » 
 Analysis 
 Del. Chancery Is Uniquely Suited For Coronavirus Response 
 Delaware's Chancery Court, known far and wide for its expertise handling 
 complex corporate litigation, may be more well-positioned than other courts 
 to handle complications related to the novel coronavirus pandemic, legal 
 experts and litigators say. 
 Read full article » 
 Legal Counsel Official For DC Mayor Dies From COVID-19 
 An official who worked in the legal counsel office for Washington, D.C., Mayor 
 Muriel Bowser has died from COVID-19, the mayor's office announced on 
 Friday. 
 Read full article » 
 Kelley Kronenberg Accused Of Shorting Italian Atty's Pay 
 Kelley Kronenberg PA stiffed an Italian attorney on tens of thousands of 
 dollars in pay after messing up his work visa and not paying him for the work 
 he performed while in Italy, the lawyer contended Friday in Florida federal 
 court. 
 Read full article » 
 GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week 
 The general counsel of a video gambling giant will give up his pay to soften 
 the blow for his company during the ongoing pandemic, and the U.S. 
 Securities and Exchange Commission has offered a road map for COVID-19 
 risk disclosures. These are some of the stories in corporate legal news you 
 may have missed in the past week. 
 Read full article » 
 In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360 
 For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, stories and 
 expert analyses that generated the most buzz on Law360 last week. 
 Read full article » 
 Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis 
 Federal Reserve System 
 Food and Drug Administration 
 Illinois Gaming Board 
 Occupational Safety and Health 
 Administration 
 Office of the Comptroller of the 
 Currency 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Department of Defense 
 U.S. Department of Homeland 
 Security 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of Labor 
 U.S. District Court for the District of 
 Minnesota 
 U.S. District Court for the Eastern 
 District of Michigan 
 U.S. District Court for the Middle 
 District of Florida 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. District Court for the Northern 
 District of Texas 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of Florida 
 U.S. District Court for the Southern 
 District of New York 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 United States District Court for the 
 Southern District of Georgia 
 Wage and Hour Division 
 World Health Organization 
 Podcast 
 EFTA00032904
Stuck In Quarantine? Listen To These Law360 Podcasts 
 If you're stuck social distancing, Law360's Pro Say podcast has nearly 150 
 episodes for you to enjoy. Don't know where to start? Here are five curated 
 Pro Say playlists, including our yearly Supreme Court recaps, the sudden 
 collapse of BigLaw giants, the best in legal movies and much more. 
 Read full article » 
 JOBS 
 Search full listings or advertise your job opening 
 NYC ELITE FULL SERVICE SMALL FIRM 
 SEEKS PARTNERS 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York, New York 
 Mid -sized firm seeks TWO outstanding 
 corp attys 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 NYC, New York 
 litigation partner Elite full service Mid-
 sized NY LF seeks litigation partner 
 Schoen Legal Search 
 New York, New York 
 Not suit if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However. if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort, 
 you may unsubscribe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer supped inquiries, please call +I-646-783.7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360I Portfolio Media. Inc, Ill West [Mb Street. Sth Floor. New York, NY IODI I 
 EFTA00032905
From:Access to Justice Law360 <news@law360.com> 
 To:. 
 c > 
 Subject:How Defense Sleuths Are Forging Ahead Despite A Pandemic 
 Date:Mon, 20 Apr 2020 11:27:38 +0000 
 ;°',Law36 
 0 Access 
 to 
 Justice 
 Access to Justice 
 How Defense Sleuths Are Forging Ahead Despite A Pandemic 
 Across the country, thousands of investigators who help build cases for indigent 
 defendants are adjusting to a new reality in which field work is "pretty much shut 
 down." Though arrests have slowed and many court proceedings are on hold, 
 investigators say their work can't stop. 
 Read full article 
 Victims' Rights Suffer Blow In Epstein Case 
 In the latest twist in the Jeffrey Epstein saga, a split Eleventh Circuit panel ruled 
 last week that the protections of the Crime Victims' Rights Act do not arise until 
 after a formal criminal charge has been filed. For Epstein's victims, it could mark 
 the end of a 12-year-long legal challenge — and for the victims' rights 
 movement, it could be a lasting blow. 
 Read full article 
 Virus Forces Transparency Reckoning Among Highest Courts 
 Since coronavirus concerns shuttered courthouses nationwide, the U.S. 
 Supreme Court and some appellate judges have given in to livestream 
 technology. Transparency advocates welcome this development and hope the 
 practice will continue even after the pandemic ends. 
 Read full article 
 Analysis 
 Amid Pandemic, Hearings For Detained Migrant Kids Go On 
 As federal courts close their doors during the coronavirus pandemic, immigration 
 court proceedings for migrant children in government custody are moving 
 forward. Attorneys told Law360 that continuing these hearings risks children's 
 health and threatens due process. 
 Read full article 
 Monday, April 20, 2020 
 LAW FIRMS 
 Arent Fox 
 Ashurst LLP 
 Austin LLP 
 Baker Donelson 
 Baker McKenzie 
 Ballard Spahr 
 Barnes & Thornburg 
 Bast Amron 
 Belkin Burden 
 Blank Rome 
 Boies Schiller 
 Bracewell 
 Brown Rudnick 
 Bryan Cave Leighton 
 Paisner 
 Cadwalader Wickersham 
 Cahill Gordon 
 Clifford Chance 
 Clyde & Co 
 Cooley 
 Covington & Burling 
 Cravath Swaine 
 Crowell & Moring 
 Culhane Meadows 
 DLA Piper 
 Davis Polk 
 Debevoise & Plimpton 
 Dentons 
 Duane Morris 
 Eckert Seamans 
 EFTA00032906
Q&A 
 Coping With A Pandemic: Pine Tree's Nan Heald 
 With distancing and isolation the new norm amid the COVID-19 pandemic, 
 Law360 is sharing reactions from around the business and legal community. 
 Today's perspective comes from Maine-based Nan Heald, executive director at 
 Pine Tree Legal Assistance. 
 Read full article 
 Homeless Angelenos Get Due Process Win Over City Seizures 
 In January 2019, Janet Garcia returned from getting ready for work to find that 
 all of her belongings had been seized and destroyed by the Los Angeles Bureau 
 of Sanitation. 
 Read full article 
 Bail Bond Groups Can't Sink Calif. Price-Fixing Suit 
 For those who turn to bail bonds in California, the cost of getting oneself or a 
 loved one out of prison while awaiting a court date can be steep, but a proposed 
 class action now poised to move forward contends there's more to those rates 
 than honest market forces. 
 Read full article 
 Pro Bono Spotlight 
 O'Melveny Helps Reunite Family Amid COVID-19 Fears 
 When three young siblings found themselves detained 50 miles from tneir 
 father's home in Maryland, with the government moving to deport them rather 
 than reunite the family, it was the latest hardship in a journey fraught with 
 danger. 
 Read full article 
 Perspectives 
 COVID-19 Highlights Access Injustice In Personal Bankruptcy 
 In the age of enforced social distancing, the limits on access to electronic filing 
 means bankruptcy is paradoxically only available to those individuals who can 
 afford it, says Rohan Pavuluri at Upsolve. 
 Read full article 
 Perspectives 
 Inmate Release Exhaustion Rule Should Be Waived For COVID 
 The issue at the forefront of many compassionate release applications during 
 the pandemic has been whether federal courts must wait 30 days before they 
 can rule on them due to the statutory administrative exhaustion requirement. and 
 those 30 days could become a matter of life or death, says Jolene LaVigne-
 Eversheds Sutherland 
 Faegre Drinker 
 Fenwick & West 
 Fisher Phillips 
 Foley & Lardner 
 Foley Hoag 
 Fragomen Del Rey 
 Fried Frank 
 Fross Zelnick 
 Gibson Dunn 
 Goldberg Segalla 
 Goodwin 
 Greenberg Traurig 
 Greenspoon Marder 
 Hinshaw & Culbertson 
 Hodgson Russ 
 Hogan Lovells 
 Hogan Thompson LLP 
 Holland & Knight 
 Hueston Hennigan 
 Husch Blackwell 
 Immigration Law PLLC 
 Jackson Lewis 
 Jones Day 
 K&L Gates 
 Kelley Drye 
 Kilpatrick Townsend 
 Kirkland & Ellis 
 Klehr Harrison 
 Lanier Law Firm 
 Latham & Watkins 
 Levenfeld Pearlstein 
 Lieff Cabraser 
 Linklaters 
 Loeb & Loeb 
 Lowenstein Sandler 
 Lucas Magazine 
 Marshall Dennehey 
 Mason Lietz 
 Mayer Brown 
 Mintz Levin 
 Morgan Lewis 
 Mukasey Frenchman 
 EFTA00032907
Albert at Schlam Stone. 
 Read full article 
 Nixon Peabody 
 Norton Rose 
 O'Melveny & Myers 
 Ogletree Deakins 
 Orrick 
 Paul Hastings 
 Pepper Hamilton 
 Perkins Coie 
 Pierce Bainbridge 
 Pryor Cashman 
 Reed Smith 
 Rivkin Radler 
 Ropes & Gray 
 Schiff Hardin 
 Schlam Stone 
 Seyfarth Shaw 
 Sheppard Mullin 
 Shook Hardy 
 Sidley Austin 
 Simmons & Simmons 
 Slaughter and May 
 Snell & Wilmer 
 Squire Patton Boggs 
 Stoel Rives 
 Thompson HD 
 Troutman Sanders 
 Vinson & Elkins 
 Williams & Connolly 
 Wilson Sonsini 
 Winston & Strawn 
 Womble Bond Dickinson 
 COMPANIES 
 3M Co. 
 Aeropostale Inc. 
 American Immigration 
 Lawyers Association 
 Apple Inc. 
 Brooklyn Defender Services 
 Burford Capital LLC 
 CDI Corporation 
 Cable News Network Inc. 
 Ernst & Young LLP 
 Facebook Inc. 
 EFTA00032908
Google Inc. 
 Instagram Inc. 
 Johnson & Johnson 
 Kids in Need of Defense 
 Legal Aid Foundation of Los 
 Angeles 
 Linkedln Corp. 
 Monsanto Co. 
 Orleans Public Defenders 
 Philip Morris International 
 Inc. 
 Pine Tree Legal Assistance 
 Inc. 
 Skype Technologies SA 
 Sonos Inc. 
 Spotify Technology SA 
 The Walt Disney Co. 
 Twitter Inc. 
 GOVERNMENT 
 AGENCIES 
 California Department of 
 Insurance 
 California Supreme Court 
 Executive Office for 
 Immigration Review 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 Food and Drug 
 Administration 
 Los Angeles Homeless 
 Services Authority 
 New Jersey Office of the 
 Public Defender 
 New Jersey Supreme Court 
 Occupational Safety and 
 Health Administration 
 Pennsylvania Supreme 
 Court 
 Securities and Exchange 
 Commission 
 Small Business 
 Administration 
 U.S. Attorney's Office 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for 
 the Second Circuit 
 U.S. Court of Appeals for 
 the Third Circuit 
 EFTA00032909
U.S. Department of Health 
 and Human Services 
 U.S. Department of 
 Homeland Security 
 U.S. Department of Justice 
 U.S. Department of Labor 
 U.S. Department of the 
 Treasury 
 U.S. District Court for the 
 Southern District of New 
 York 
 U.S. Immigration and 
 Customs Enforcement 
 U.S. Supreme Court 
 Not size if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian. 
 We hope you found this message to be useful. 
 However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort. 
 you may unsubscribe here. 
 Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Law360 I Portfolio Media. Inc. 111 West 19th Street 5th Floor. New York. NY 10011 
 EFTA00032910
